I loved this hotel! This place was really, really close to the old Northbound Seaport. When the hotel opened, I was reminded of a hotel that we used to visit once. My sister and I were sleeping on a bed when the elevator started. We weren't able to get our heads around the fact that the elevators kept losing contact with us. We found out about the "smelt" before we woke up the next morning, when we checked in with the security guy. It's a cool little hotel in a quiet community. The staff there were also extremely friendly. The employees were very smart and understanding.I have been staying here for the past two years and had never encountered the beautiful, friendly, but unpretentious walls and elegant furnishings.  Although I was given four stars because it was the worst, they have given me two more. The book recommendations are excellent and the food is delicious!There are a lot of things to do in downtown Chicago and you have to get a little busy every now and again to enjoy the city. But I'll admit to feeling better about the hotel if I try to stay here.
For me it's the best hotel in the area!! The staff was exceptional. The wedding was free at all the event, as we all made reservations, and we had the choice between two choices, the bellhop or the Diamond Drake Bellhop.The place is on 34th Avenue in downtown Chicago, not far from The Marriott Hotel. The floors are beautifully ventilated (2 stories are no need for running water) and they have a rock room where you can get some fun little noise in the bathroom for the kids. The pool is tiny and makes for a relaxing environment. Parking is FREE at the bar on the steps which takes you across that beautiful, narrow street. The blue roof at the restaurant is fabulous and the kids are welcome!The staff was super friendly and our girlfriends were very friendly and helpful when traveling by car or bus.If you are looking
The lobby was very nice and the room was large.  In room dining was great.  There were multiple issues with this hotel - it was not easy to access Michigan Avenue (despite what was said on the website) and no employees could direct me to how to get there without walking way out of my way.  I tried to call the front desk 3 times only to have the staff never pick up or put me on hold for 15 minutes. Also, I found some trash in my room that had not been picked up from the previous guest.  For the price point, I would stay somewhere else. If you get a room at a rate of more than $100/night, I highly suggest you check out the Upscale.
The lobby was very nice and the room was large.  In room dining was great.  There were multiple issues with this hotel - it was not easy to access Michigan Avenue (despite what was said on the website) and no employees could direct me to how to get there without walking way out of my way.  I tried to call the front desk 3 times only to have the staff never pick up or put me on hold for 15 minutes. Also, I found some trash in my room that had not been picked up from the previous guest.  For the price point, I would stay somewhere else.  For the hotel staff - make sure you checked your out-of-pocket including hotel stay reservations. Also check out:
My only regret with this hotel is the constant noise the ceilings make at night. I really can't think of any other hotel that would have handled this issue.  This hotel was supposed to be a truly top notch hotel and the rooms were not clean or even well maintained.  I could not stay there because of poor service in general and due to the low price, there was absolutely no room service to offer.The rooms are simply cramped, not attractive and if you decide to stay there, or somewhere you don't mind the noise, try to make reservations elsewhere.
Great location, great sound system but bad service there at night is why I chose it. It had a checkered history and was bed ridden on at least 5 occasions a month. Our rooms never had room service and we never slept in another hotel. Our room service system was NOT designed to handle the way the elevator should. Check out this small Chicago hotel for its looks, service, decor, view, and amenities.
About the only thing we like more in a hotel is easy access to the food.  The train ride outside of the hotel is a bit awkward - there is no steering wheel for just about anything and you have to park your car in the middle of nowhere and most of the time, there are locked lockers with cash in each drawer.  Of course, there were no snoozers, which you could charge online or use if needed, and the location is only a few blocks from Chicago's Loop and didn't have security cameras.
The lobby was very nice and the room was large.  In room dining was great.  There were multiple issues with this hotel - it was not easy to access Michigan Avenue (despite what was said on the website) and no employees could direct me to how to get there without walking way out of my way.  I tried to call the front desk 3 times only to have the staff never pick up or put me on hold for 15 minutes. Also, I found some trash in my room that had not been picked up from the previous guest.  For the price point, I would stay somewhere else.  Although the lobby offers many nice guest rooms with not too many room options, staying here again can be a good idea. Best of all, our room was clean and functional. Love the view of Michigan Avenue from all sides - from the deck to the open restaurant.For a pool with a shallow pool which many sites have, expect a recharging problem. Still, there were still problems - without any fan there wasn't much to do.Stayed here on business trip to Michigan last month with our kids.  They stayed on July 10th and the hotel operated flawlessly! My daughter and I talked about this wonderful American culture and the city.  I enjoyed that, too.Location: 1847 5th Avenue S corner of 5th Ave, Michigan Avenue, is the greatest thing ever.  I mean, be a busy city and you'll see large, central, but small on-street shopping malls and people going out to the city and shopping.  The breakfast in the lounge was phenomenal!  After spending 15-20 mins checking my luggage while driving southbound I decided I'd be staying at the Deluxe Inn downtown or the Butte to see the sights and grab a bottle of Champagne if they could help.
The lobby was very nice and the room was large.  In room dining was great.  There were multiple issues with this hotel - it was not easy to access Michigan Avenue (despite what was said on the website) and no employees could direct me to how to get there without walking way out of my way.  I tried to call the front desk 3 times only to have the staff never pick up or put me on hold for 15 minutes. Also, I found some trash in my room that had not been picked up from the previous guest.  For the price point, I would stay somewhere else.  The Room is beautifully made.
My husband and I stayed here for our one year wedding anniversary.  We had planned a small weekend getaway to downtown Chicago since we don't get into the city very often.  I used my hotel points to book us one free night and had requested a lake view room, if available, through the hotel's online system.When we arrived, the front desk noted our request and set us up with a nice lake view room!!!  It may have helped that we were staying on a Sunday night as I hear that wedding nights (Fridays & Saturdays) are quite busy.  The view was beautiful - plenty of boats on the water and people at the beach, which is a short walk from the hotel.The room itself was very stately, but not stuffy.  The bed was firm and the plethora of pillows were very comfortable.  It was a romantic atmosphere but not overly so...we saw one or two kids/families in the lobby.Overall, while we thoroughly enjoyed our lake view room (it was free!) I would certainly consider staying at The Drake in the future...even without a comped room.  If you're looking for a nice modern, all night hotel and want to stay at a bit of a pop culture convention, then definitely consider booking us from the Drake.
The venue is a bit expensive, but the rooms are always well worth it and if you would be looking for a cool downtown location - they did. Don't feel pressured if you are looking for something out of town, and if you're looking to keep up with the usual downtown activities (take a walk or run around downtown), be prepared to spend some extra money. The valet parking was free for parking (and the La Bombina Bar was decorated to look like a hotel). Rooms have a nice hallway, private rooms are clean and comfortable, and there was plenty of other amenities we could not have wished for. Overall, our stay here was the best hotel I have ever stayed at.<|endoftext|>
My husband and I stayed here for our one year wedding anniversary.  We had planned a small weekend getaway to downtown Chicago since we don't get into the city very often.  I used my hotel points to book us one free night and had requested a lake view room, if available, through the hotel's online system.When we arrived, the front desk noted our request and set us up with a nice lake view room!!!  It may have helped that we were staying on a Sunday night as I hear that wedding nights (Fridays & Saturdays) are quite busy.  The view was beautiful - plenty of boats on the water and people at the beach, which is a short walk from the hotel.The room itself was very stately, but not stuffy.  The bed was firm and the plethora of pillows were very comfortable.  It was a romantic atmosphere but not overly so...we saw one or two kids/families in the lobby.Overall, while we thoroughly enjoyed our lake view room (it was free!) I would certainly consider staying at The Drake in the future...even without a comped room.
My husband and I stayed here for our one year wedding anniversary.  We had planned a small weekend getaway to downtown Chicago since we don't get into the city very often.  I used my hotel points to book us one free night and had requested a lake view room, if available, through the hotel's online system.When we arrived, the front desk noted our request and set us up with a nice lake view room!!!  It may have helped that we were staying on a Sunday night as I hear that wedding nights (Fridays & Saturdays) are quite busy.  The view was beautiful - plenty of boats on the water and people at the beach, which is a short walk from the hotel.The room itself was very stately, but not stuffy.  The bed was firm and the plethora of pillows were very comfortable.  It was a romantic atmosphere but not overly so...we saw one or two kids/families in the lobby.Overall, while we thoroughly enjoyed our lake view room (it was free!) I would certainly consider staying at The Drake in the future...even without a comped room.  If you want a hotel that really puts its heart and soul into its facilities, this hotel has it all.The comp was simple.  The rooms were about $75 a night, and the beds were all long and a bit stiff.  There was one bed in the house that was slightly loose and we couldn't stand it either, because of the design.  When we got our room reservations, they told us that it would be a 12 hour reservation but we realized that it was $29 a night at the buffet, and we booked 4. The room was small but light enough to let a good massage for the five of us.  The staff was friendly, helpful, and we just went with it.This hotel is spectacular for
My husband and I stayed here for our one year wedding anniversary.  We had planned a small weekend getaway to downtown Chicago since we don't get into the city very often.  I used my hotel points to book us one free night and had requested a lake view room, if available, through the hotel's online system.When we arrived, the front desk noted our request and set us up with a nice lake view room!!!  It may have helped that we were staying on a Sunday night as I hear that wedding nights (Fridays & Saturdays) are quite busy.  The view was beautiful - plenty of boats on the water and people at the beach, which is a short walk from the hotel.The room itself was very stately, but not stuffy.  The bed was firm and the plethora of pillows were very comfortable.  It was a romantic atmosphere but not overly so...we saw one or two kids/families in the lobby.Overall, while we thoroughly enjoyed our lake view room (it was free!) I would certainly consider staying at The Drake in the future...even without a comped room.  We found a high dollar hotel for our one wedding anniversary and it was a bargain!My husband and I are planning our anniversary celebration at the Fairmont Avenue Hotel in Downtown Chicago!  The rooftop wine bar and ballroom downstairs are both within walking distance to the Fairmont, so there's plenty of food on tap for dinner!Finally, there are two attractions within walking distance to our hotel: 1) a vintage vaudeville house, which has breathtaking views of the lake and the park, and 2) a spa that was amazing and open for business!I stayed in the studio recently while visiting Chicago and had no issues with the lobby.  All of
I stay here frequently for business and work, as am a much newer Chinese guest. I really like the rooms; and as a general rule, it is not a bad hotel. I'm not sure if there are more good places, but I'm leaning towards the Navy Quarter area. It has lots of town space and apartment-rental options, including the Broadway Hotel. The decor is very classy and the restaurant is beautiful and fresh and appropriate. I certainly expect a reception but still feel as though it is not worth the $200/night it is now.
This hotel is just  perfect for your needs when you need a comfortable personal and/or party-oriented space to spend some quality time with loved ones. We had an exclusive suite with 2 rooms; one special. We also had this high-end hallux-type room with a courtyards window overlooking the River in the heart of Midtown. The only thing that went wrong was heating the hallux. The hot water ran out and only made the room sit hot. When i got back to the hotel, i found out that the room was tiny. At first i thought it was going to be some kind of toilet, but when i looked it up on Yelp and i saw the bed itself, i was already disheartened. I checked the closet, found some remnants of old furniture, and that was it. What if that old thing disappeared?  Obviously this place needs a re-did of things, but the reincorporation of an elevated lobby makes it a clean, modern addition to a nice, spacious room. There was a chance the fridge could be replaced with an overhead, but i just couldn't wait. Our hotel did not have another
I only had room 2B and a nice bed! Very nice view of the Willis.  I really liked this hotel because of the  elegant layout and excellent view across the street. I actually enjoyed staying there, it is so small, but there is room, there is no stairs, no cups etc.
The front desk staff was awesome, as you can tell they are super helpful and attentive to all of our requests. I am sure I would have been less upset if they had even asked me questions like "How can we get to the lobby, does the food run late?"  We decided to sit in a bar, leave the front desk to raise our spirits.  This hotel is usually closed late, but after another phone call I didn't see the front desk staff. I then left my work dresser to brush my teeth, change clothes, read the orders, and sometimes even made a request. My friend's wife complained that the front desk said that she needed to brush her teeth early because she "can't handle the pressure of working late" and felt the issue was resolved. We ordered a dinner at home the night before the meeting and were disappointed when it didn't include a lukewarm draft. I do hope that the front desk makes a difference in the community at large.
Went here because my husband and I were walking. It was nice but it was... uncomfortable and it was booked cheap. The rooms were a bit rough, but pretty safe. Everything was well done. Not a favorite bed but I did not have that problem with it.  The bathroom was really large and clean. Yes, it is VERY long but I have never had this issue before.  First-time guest I stayed here was a guy who was 18 years old. So I am not going to let our age do it to me. Bad hotel management, miscommunication of rooms. Got over charged $40 and ended up having to go back out the front door again to figure it out. So, if you want to stay at a hotel that is costar appropriate and you feel like you've earned it, then this is it. But, if you are looking to hang out in the outdoors and have a cozy time with friends and family, you will find yourself disappointed.
Love it!!!!!! When I first booked here, I wasn't expecting much, but after a few days and nights, it became clear that I was under the impression that the hotel was not that good. So I finally decided to try something a little different. I came down to take a look at the lobby and didn't really get a positive impression - they were practically surrounded by nice theaters, diners, a pool and very nice restaurants. Not much else was going on, except that the remodel was hot - then the renovator sent me a bath tub for $100! Did I mention that I have to bring my camera?! And definitely stay at a hotel with such a bad reputation? This place may be pretty small and conveniently located outside of Downtown Detroit and the city itself, but I think that's to be expected.
I arrived at 2pm, the staff was super helpful and helpful.  They told me that there were about 10 women on duty and they recommended all the ironing I needed (turn off the ironing), water, soap etc.  This is my first brush with the place.  However, they took me up on the offer to have an ironing job.  If there is anything that I need for ironing, this is it: towels, bleach, etc.  Oh, and don't ask for them to do laundry.  I totally forgot about it! For those who are wondering, a few hours later I was called and asked for an ironing: power lighting, and all in all this was quite a wonderful experience! No tardy service!This is one place that doesn't offer outstanding service. No surprises there, however! Service is poor at what they advertise. There's a grocery store nearby, and another place that advertises both. They are on the south end of town, but sometimes there are good things there, but all at the same time there's no need to go to the convention center.  For the price, if you want good cool, well worth the time and effort.
My husband and I had a great weekend in Houghton and enjoyed it. Booked a hotel after checking out of Chicago. The rooms were so nice and clean. I asked to stay at their house and received a gold/wool guest card. It took me a minute to get to the front desk. The building, the lobby was great and comfortable. I think you will see the hotel names listed there by Marriott.  I didn't want to go there, but I could keep up with them and then the hotel would stay around for a few nights. Also, the cochlea was so small it wasn't cool. Parking is a bit pricey though. The elevator is a bit slow so you have to turn right around to get there. I loved my stay at the Echo Room on the Chicago River. You are very welcome here!
My husband and I had a wonderful stay here. The service was really top notch and the food was delicious. We would retun here in the future. The Gym is also very nice and I highly reccomend using at at your stay.  The room is very large and spacious. And that, plus the view over downtown Chicago is very nice.
Really need a hotel to stay here. While I wasn't aware that the hotel was so trendy, the accommodations were so nice that I wanted to stay here.  I thought the apartment in the lobby was a bit sad looking. Also, we had to ask about some kinds of room service that took the inconvenience of waiting for our birthday party beyond our control. What a lousy choice.
Nice and comfortable rooms, breathtaking view and. It's open and has nice breakfast. Also incredibly convenient to the city. I was planning on staying here just because it's nice and I enjoy staying here in Chicago.  It is in a smaller size, which is kinda nice.
I don't work in hospitality and I guess this is typical of what a'real' hotel should be. I'm a hotel connoisseur who has no business dealing with personal issues or catering to any other type of tip, no matter how generous they might be. I'm working in a world where the response is good, thanks to your help. My room is located in the 5th floor of a hotel lobby, topped by two full time staff plus a desk for cleanliness. This place is gorgeous. The room is clean, very sophisticated and has a lovely, modern feel to it. I've been there twice and the room is attractive, with the concierge at the front desk, the bar and the website (which you can check out online). The 2 work-horses (decorated from 1970s / '80s vintage with a John Lennon cut out in the back and hair like a Sun King cut) offer great service. Hotels in this area tend to be comfortable and clean.  I've stayed at a Chicago club, a club in South Park, two hotels in Old Town, a stay at the Mile and a motel. Don't expect a candlelit reception here.
This Hotel in Naperville is designed for an overall stay, including paragliding in the summer. The rooms in the rooms are very nice, with a fireplace, fridge and coffee maker all within walking distance to each other. The food was good (we got pizza from a friend with a great view of downtown and it was delicious!), but the service really got out of hand.The room
I wish there was more options. First off is the PR staff and easy access to everything in the hotel. Everyone has a place to stay and a menu that has some of the most popular options. This is a hotel about a quarter mile from downtown Chicago (this is where I was at the time). The rooms have a room that is lined with broken walls with broken light fixtures.  Most hotels get this treatment, but Fairmont's reputation is questionable at best, and pricey at worst.  The walls are thin and crackly and will give you a headache if you try to use them on your next room. It's not a great location either, either, and the rooms are bed and board not reclined, so you have to park to get up and walking distance is hard. Nearby restaurants are just okay and the indoor pool is great too, which means you can get some awesome views with your children's miniature waterfalls. If you just want to see the rain and wind, then this place is your thing. The rooms also have some convenient, but not fancy, furniture. When asked what the best wedding buffet was, it was salad on the bight or halal dumplings with wedges topped with garlic and olive oil. But hey, if it's not the best, the Bollywood wedding buffet's that make this hotel that much more special.
The two stars are for the truly beautiful room.  The missing stars are for the fact that everything else is extra--a LOT extra.  Examples: overnight valet?  That's 51$.  Sending out a pair of socks for washing? 11$.  Want internet?  That will be 15$ per day.  Using the fitness room?  10$/day.  Like a cup of coffee in the morning?  It will be charged to your room.To top it all off, this huge hotel seems to have a customer service staff of no more than 4 people at any one time. As a result, it is extremely impersonal (but, I'm sure, very lucrative for the owners.) In summary, if you like being treated like a giant wallet instead of a valued customer, try the Fairmont--it's super pretty!Did you enjoy the hotel?  Share your comments below.
Awesome.. my first night here was AWESOME! So we were staying at the Tower Theater on Broadway. It was SO cold, both rooms were rated as hot, and the staff were so helpful. One girl in the front of the room got really cold and, instead of calling me, she called to say, "Hey hey, we've got some hot chicken and some extra stuff." They definitely tried to be polite. My partner and I were amazed at how polite, helpful, and thoughtful we were. No other NYC hotels have this kind of attitude at all, but overall, for a super, super cheap rate.. no idea what to expect. Service is ok - awesome everyone was friendly, funny, and helpful. Did I mention, service was great?! Stayed in such a beautiful location! I booked a room on Friday night, so, no worries there.  Staff were kind and helpful in the early morning rush hour.I will definitely stay at One a Time again, and I would recommend it to friends and family.
This place rocked my heart.  I was in the lobby of the Hyatt Regency for 2 days just to check out a fresh pair of shorts.  The valet service was superb!  The staff was polite and helpful in order to get me to my destination.  I worked here all day this summer and came back for the fall.  This hotel has a great location and it was the perfect place for my "adopted" daughter and business partner, living in, having old crannies.  For a room of 5-10 beds, and a bathroom, this price point absolutely changed my mind about the Hyatt Regency.  Again, it was the perfect place to share a room.
Great location and a great location! Every room is comfy and spacious. The event space at all of the Plaza is beautiful and gives a huge view of Chicago!  This is my go-to place to watch the city view.I stayed here in 2010 and it was actually a little over 2 years ago. We went to a joint tasting that has a great view but there are a few closed courtyards that block your view.I wanted a cheap room and they didn't offer it.
this is a great deal I would rate this option as my only option. I didn't have a great experience here, but it looks great. There are a couple of nice rooms that sit nicely across the street. The pool in the closet looks great and the concierge service feels really good.I will definitely be back for another visit to the hotel - checking out the extensive Downtown block club there will be a bit harder.Overall, I am planning on staying here.  Every time I stay here I get a nice tour and enjoy the view without dropping a dime. The staff are extremely helpful, make sure you get the car and there's a parking spot.  If I was to go back, I'd stay elsewhere and I wouldn't have called the hotel.
First thing I noticed about my stay.  It was long!  Anyways, the service was excellent. The room had a 90-degree view of Chicago.  Very quiet, clean, comfortable, good locations to relax.
The Allegro Hotel, like other Kimpton Hotels, has great service and immenities - free WiFi, free wine hour from 5-6, Aveda bath products.  The rooms are fantastic. I stayed in the Lion King Suite; it was so wonderful that I had to stay another night!  It was very over the top with an animal head on the wall, African masks and a water feature.  It was my boyfriend's birthday and the staff sent up a bottle of single malt scotch for us, gratis!  I am always blown away by the staff at the Kimpton. The Allegro is going under renovations, so many of the old rooms that they had will no longer be available.  The lake and bath are considered  "free".  The receptionists are super nice, tho we received a Gold!  For a sumptuous stay I would rate this hotel 25/10.
Parked there pretty much every day for 25 years, right across the street from the One and only Regal Market. Definitely have to park here, but if you're in, proximity to the famous bus line is a priority!Our room was clean, adequate and clean. Very well decorated. The bathtub and shower heads had clean fixtures, but the bathroom had soft stains from an old pipe. Our coat quilt and great robe just don't fit well in there, nor did our leather shoes. Breakfast was OK. Internet was slow and the lobby was empty but we had Internet in the lobby while on business, even the airline serviced we a free coffee overnight for about $30/day. Our party was sweet and the lobby was even bit quieter than usual.A few complaints about the nearby coffee shop, while nothing alarming, some were more surprising, include the excessive rate charges (on room reservations for $95 per person) and pricing that has already exceeded $190 a night in the last four years. The closest Starbucks location is at the popular Midtown downtown (13th Ave & Marshall). The convenience store at Roosevelt station was down the block for two years and was out of business in the third quarter of last year. However, they are still closed. If you're visiting downtown Chicago and need coffee, you'll probably spend more in an overnight or coming in, but if you're staying at another hotel, the coffee is the cheapest, the selection good, and there are always friendly boutique coffee shops across the street.Not to
The Allegro Hotel, like other Kimpton Hotels, has great service and immenities - free WiFi, free wine hour from 5-6, Aveda bath products.  The rooms are fantastic. I stayed in the Lion King Suite; it was so wonderful that I had to stay another night!  It was very over the top with an animal head on the wall, African masks and a water feature.  It was my boyfriend's birthday and the staff sent up a bottle of single malt scotch for us, gratis!  I am always blown away by the staff at the Kimpton. The Allegro is going under renovations, so many of the old rooms that they had will no longer be available. I recently got a call from a hotel's top management asking if I wanted to be on the take to the waterfront. That day, we were given a list of 112 rooms they would renovate and the following morning we were flown back to Chicago.  When we finally left, a van, which had been taking photos, asked for an hour to deliver us back. The next day, we had a new apartment in Chicago.  The Lincoln Avenue Hotel in East Chicago was facing a new downtown, and I was never very impressed by the hotel's low rates.  Chicago doesn't have wonderful property values and the lobby is a bit "hungry" with a "hollow wall" that doesn't look at all like a modern house, and I can't imagine that they'll be coming up with many many extras to get us out of here.
Wasn't much hope for a second weekend stay, but once again, Yelp has the worst reviews of all their online products. Right off the bat, the reviews are very poor for something worth $170. A quick check of the website as well as the Hotels.com return address leads us to believe that this is one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed at.  They seem to have no idea what they are doing.  How long will they be keeping it up as this place goes on? No worries. I even have to physically move things out of the room, to check the title. It's five floors below Miami Avenue. Too bad Yelp didn't know what they were doing, they closed all 10 rooms in between the Chicago and Detroit clubs.  That would've been nice if I paid in advance.  Don't even think of getting one of these places for free
The Allegro Hotel, like other Kimpton Hotels, has great service and immenities - free WiFi, free wine hour from 5-6, Aveda bath products.  The rooms are fantastic. I stayed in the Lion King Suite; it was so wonderful that I had to stay another night!  It was very over the top with an animal head on the wall, African masks and a water feature.  It was my boyfriend's birthday and the staff sent up a bottle of single malt scotch for us, gratis!  I am always blown away by the staff at the Kimpton. The Allegro is going under renovations, so many of the old rooms that they had will no longer be available.
The Allegro Hotel, like other Kimpton Hotels, has great service and immenities - free WiFi, free wine hour from 5-6, Aveda bath products.  The rooms are fantastic. I stayed in the Lion King Suite; it was so wonderful that I had to stay another night!  It was very over the top with an animal head on the wall, African masks and a water feature.  It was my boyfriend's birthday and the staff sent up a bottle of single malt scotch for us, gratis!  I am always blown away by the staff at the Kimpton. The Allegro is going under renovations, so many of the old rooms that they had will no longer be available.  I recently had a rare guest come in and enjoy drinking from the pool, but they let us stay for a couple of nights and sent us into a room full of candles, heads of hair and roses, all at the same time, while painting the walls, gymnasium and hotel.  We all stayed here for about 10-15 minutes, checked in, and the room was very modern.  Other than that, it was fine.
This is my go-to hotel in Chicago for works, day trips or business meetings. The room was bright and comfortable and we found a room on the second floor that was comfortable. The water faucets were tasty.  There was just so much color and smell you could tell the odor was from soap. There is also an iPod remote control (free). We had a friend and we used it to get directions. This hotel is excellent!
I had the $200 bill on their website the night of the concert... what a mistake.  No payment was made.  No maintenance.  The staff  are really nice and helpful, and their presentation was exemplary and helpful.  The venue is rockin' and dreamin'!  If I could give a top 10 to all the six attending bands I would, but I couldn't because of the cost to the waitress.  She kept calling me at 2:45pm every day at night and checking my status, which never happened.  Not only do you NOT have wifi and if you don't want to use it, I bet the rest of the staff have no need to call you as they have their phones constantly around the room, which I've talked to about once.  Staff they say they try to be professional, but it just doesn't work.  I hear that people who work there frequently complain about noisy workers, and then complain about working on shows that have lots of music.  I guess my troubles with staff are from trying to be nicer to the city, but hey, if there's nothing wrong with working there, at least they don't try to add a reason why people are unhappy with the team.  Talk about a frustrating night.
i had a fantastic stay here, we were treated very well and they offer a good breakfast with made to order omletes and every night open bar from 530 til 7 and snacks for the guests! They have pasta, egg, meatballs, and chicken which you can eat here in the bar. The back rooms were very stylish and the decor is incredible, we were given the same bed for 2 nights. The stay is as impressive as it sounds, plus the wine list was awesome (I'm not kidding!). There are a lot of the great restaurants on the waterfront so we were able to use the subway right away, plus there's a great grocery store to go to. The room was great, the chairs were top notch and the employees are the best in the city!!
Upon arriving I was presented with a cute ring. I wish this hotel had a tv! Would you consider switching to another hotel? Did you see this?!
We found the nightclub a month ago and it was awesome. Right next to the theater was a bar, the Hilton Way (a location in the Loop). The entire property had a nice fountain (become national, French and has the old ivy). We decided to take our stay to the pub and wine menu as the staff seemed enthusiastic. Before our group was able to finish our stay, the ballroom doors closed completely, after our half hour, the back door closed and everything at the pub had been shot. We were placed in a very comfortable room, I guess because the restaurant is open 2-3 days a week.  I had my great taste in wine but would not mind watching and tasting any version of wine. The wait staff was nice. Being a Chicago hipster and open wine fan, when I saw the full bottle size, I had no problem giving a good verdict. Loved the color the rosy green of the fresh wines which tasted like fresh fruits. Delicious. Friendly and courteous. Right next to the bathroom was a pool and gym. Lovely hotel spa with spa suite.  Friendly staff and pool will stay here again.
A memorable stay for my friends and family!!  Their ambiance is perfect, fresh and easily accessible.  I really loved the cupcake bar, chocolates, and microwaves!!  Thank you!
I truly enjoyed my stay at Cafe Chimbarbeau au Courte!  I saw the delicious, funky food, the beautiful touches, and the friendly staff!!  I liked the challenge that everyone puts on me when I try something new!!  The place  was extremely trendy!  My partner and I had a meal here for breakfast, to not give up on the great restaurants because of the location!! The staff was just great, the staff was nice and there was a cool river view.  I must say, we had breakfast in the Greek Cafe when we arrived.  When we came in the room was  cheery and inviting to look at!!! It was also very quiet for me (it was nice outside the lobby).  Overall, we did enjoy ourselves the final few days here but I feel that we are getting over the hype.  My friends and I would return to Cafe Chimbarbeau again!!
I had the downtown West Loop DoubleTree for a weekend for the sunniest.  The small rooms have a good view but the decor is just stunning.  My boyfriend and I stayed here on a weekend for a nice nice dinner and get some cool features (beautiful wall wallpaper in the lobby).  He also wanted to visit the Lakeshore Cafe so I came to visit.  I liked the location, but if I could just get another hotel I would stay here again.
Had this review for the Hilton Milwaukee. The bar by the Bell at the Hotel doesn't stand out as much as some of the other reviews, but, if you like your rooms to be nice, this would be the hotel for you. The room didn't quite feel so small, but as my inner denizen and guide Charles "Falcon Bear" Eitel, pointed out, it wasn't as spacious as I thought it would be. The place is nice, but for the price I will not be returning again.
I stayed here on a Sunday morning.The rooms here are pretty good and fairly priced. Not a big fan of Upscale/Serrano rooms, but a great room.Not too much dedicated but enough to get a room within a couple hundred mile (i needed a cab). Nearby was a spa with nice large room with an ice bath. Got the breakfast!I'll probably be staying in an upscale hotel with the flavors of the suburbs, but I know I'll enjoy the proximity! Thank you<|endoftext|>
Would recommend this hotel to anyone.  My wife's sister booked us a room at Crown Plaza thru her work.  The address we were given was 733 w Madison, upon arrival we find out that our reservations were actually in Skokie, Kurtis the front desk worker was awesome in helping my wife and I figure it  out, then got us in contact with his manager, who cancelled our reservations at the other hotel and got us rooms, right there off the loop.  Clean rooms, great service, 5 block walk to either set of trains, and access to Greek town, and great food, and service.  Great location!
Beautiful location to their museum in the heart of downtown.  What a beautiful spot for a wedding!  Wore trendy clothes, gorgeous decor, and food.  $4 to $6 per night, but $7 to $10 per night.  But price (and history) for the rooms was just perfect. Our family was staying at the Roosevelt Inn Downtown and all our rooms were available within walking distance from the lobby and across the street from the Ave Maria Church.  Given the modernized downtown look, and the location across the street, you would think you would be well served.  However, the owners at the hotel are extremely unapologetic about not using building materials that are made of glass.   Additionally, the paint used for our rooms was so rough that every time we came back to the hotel, the paint came off.  This isn't a problem, but these days, paint is a problem of entire buildings.  The paint cannot be worked up, but it should be, as the rooms are so dingy and filthy, it took us nearly an entire day to clean them, then it went away after a day or two.  We expected a bit more service from the hotel for all of their promises, but what a waste.
Would recommend this hotel to anyone.  My wife's sister booked us a room at Crown Plaza thru her work.  The address we were given was 733 w Madison, upon arrival we find out that our reservations were actually in Skokie, Kurtis the front desk worker was awesome in helping my wife and I figure it  out, then got us in contact with his manager, who cancelled our reservations at the other hotel and got us rooms, right there off the loop.  Clean rooms, great service, 5 block walk to either set of trains, and access to Greek town, and great food, and service.  I'm not in the least bit impressed with their choice of hotel rooms either.  There is no near instant bus service from Chicago to AT&T.  There are two snazzy beach destinations, fabulous restaurants, and the restaurant that we went to was called The Salon.  The bar & restaurant don't look all that awesome, but they definitely gave us a first class room here in the Lincoln unit.  That said, I guess the city has lots of parking but they can't provide us a room when we get to STOLE location a few blocks away.  I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone.
Great location, decent prices and wonderful people. Don't let the Niantic take things away from you!  They are not even bothering to ensure your keys are in the lockers - they simply start putting them at your door instead of giving you a few bucks to open them. Best of luck with your Chicago holiday!
Would recommend this hotel to anyone.  My wife's sister booked us a room at Crown Plaza thru her work.  The address we were given was 733 w Madison, upon arrival we find out that our reservations were actually in Skokie, Kurtis the front desk worker was awesome in helping my wife and I figure it  out, then got us in contact with his manager, who cancelled our reservations at the other hotel and got us rooms, right there off the loop.  Clean rooms, great service, 5 block walk to either set of trains, and access to Greek town, and great food, and service.  Our stay here had a small for sale after a day away, but we are still looking forward to the King Hotel and the W Tower.
I have been to every New York Times Bookings event, and I felt it was the most informed and informed experience we had ever had at The Media. From the venue to the vibe. I liked what we did and would not repeat another review.  Everyone we talked to got the same thing: super cool, super convenient, and free of charge. We all had an excellent time and thought, wow, you can afford to stay here! If you want to go straight to its main business, get your passport here!  The concierge immediately assured me they were thrilled with the hotel, and the concierge greeted me with a warm smile, inviting me to come in and look at their shows. As a group, we were truly impressed with The Media's ability to do what they do best.  The staff was friendly, attentive and nice! One of the first times i experienced this lobby, everything went smoothly. Everything was taking care of itself in no time. The Art Institute was always a treat for us, every theatre we played at the 21 st in Manhattan, among other specialities. When we asked the room attendants whether there was anything special about this lobby, they were very polite and really helpful. There was a cozy back and forth which was nice, because they gave us our info on the important details. The sound was
Would recommend this hotel to anyone.  My wife's sister booked us a room at Crown Plaza thru her work.  The address we were given was 733 w Madison, upon arrival we find out that our reservations were actually in Skokie, Kurtis the front desk worker was awesome in helping my wife and I figure it  out, then got us in contact with his manager, who cancelled our reservations at the other hotel and got us rooms, right there off the loop.  Clean rooms, great service, 5 block walk to either set of trains, and access to Greek town, and great food, and service.  The  rooms were nice and large, the food was great, they were very quiet, and it was a little hard to hear things such as the 6 king beds in the room, so our room was more quiet than it should be.  Only downside I can think of is that there was a pool, it wasn't as clean as advertised.  I suggest staying somewhere else, not around public places.
Love a great hotel!  I've stayed at the Big 2 in Chicago, & Toronto, and I can't recommend the Third Ward Hotel more.  I get many requests here. The first is for the place I like the most.  Parking is very convenient, 2-3 blocks from the lot is conveniently located, and so are the many curbside shops all over the city.  The concierge in charge of the rooms was super helpful, and highly recommended.  I've loved staying here ever since the first time I stayed here.  The staff is super friendly and I like to have something to say during this time.
Nice hotel.  The room size was a steal.  The proximity to the subway really puts pressure on the pressure system.  The room was bed ridden and one room closer to the gym than the rest.  You would expect this place to be more  luxurious.  I love every moment I leave it here. The baths are the way to go!  Once again a reasonable price but I'm not going anywhere.  When I returned, it was water running down my toilet, next time I go to the Millennium Park, a half-empty bathroom with a toilet in front of it is not the worst.
Booked this hotel through the hotel website for $265/night with a AAA discount. Stayed two nights in September. Pros: Location on Mag Mile. Complimentary breakfast beverages and wireless access for Omni loyalty program members. Big selection of complementary morning drinks. Gigantic beverage serving sizes (see picture). Large, clean suite. Quick check-in. Nice exercise equipment. Helpful concierge (Hi, Marcus.). Ample bathroom space. Free headphones offered to gym-goers. Complimentary Sunday New York Times. Friendly doormen. Pretty cloud painting on domed ceiling of main elevator. Received star treatment from restaurant recommended by concierge. Cons: Room décor was a little dated. Couldn't get a room on a higher floor. Bland view (but at least I wasn't staring at a wall). Not sure if hotel has many double bed rooms (whenever I search for rooms at this hotel, I never see double bed rooms, which deters me from booking a room here). Only two chairs in living room area and no couch. Faint, constant whirring noise in room (not sure if noise was due to elevators or air conditioning). Have to take two elevators to get to room.  Long wait for elevators at times. Can't find any internet connection. Booked to deal with parking charges.  Loose beds that seemed to stifle a room's pleasure. Decent priced hotel
Booked this hotel through the hotel website for $265/night with a AAA discount. Stayed two nights in September. Pros: Location on Mag Mile. Complimentary breakfast beverages and wireless access for Omni loyalty program members. Big selection of complementary morning drinks. Gigantic beverage serving sizes (see picture). Large, clean suite. Quick check-in. Nice exercise equipment. Helpful concierge (Hi, Marcus.). Ample bathroom space. Free headphones offered to gym-goers. Complimentary Sunday New York Times. Friendly doormen. Pretty cloud painting on domed ceiling of main elevator. Received star treatment from restaurant recommended by concierge. Cons: Room décor was a little dated. Couldn't get a room on a higher floor. Bland view (but at least I wasn't staring at a wall). Not sure if hotel has many double bed rooms (whenever I search for rooms at this hotel, I never see double bed rooms, which deters me from booking a room here). Only two chairs in living room area and no couch. Faint, constant whirring noise in room (not sure if noise was due to elevators or air conditioning). Have to take two elevators to get to room.  Long wait for elevators at times. Short elevator ride from Chicago. AccuWeather $120/night. Took 11 nights to get to Hyatt Regency Chicago. Friendly concierge. Nice rooms & dining options (no internet connection, other than the nearby Starbucks in the lobby). Location with good Internet: Parking on the city block is only $3 per day (50 cents less per day with location). Another good option is to pay at the Wyndham hotel. For comparison, the Downtown Hilton is $15 (passenger hotel) or $17 (occupant hotel) for a ro
Booked this hotel through the hotel website for $265/night with a AAA discount. Stayed two nights in September. Pros: Location on Mag Mile. Complimentary breakfast beverages and wireless access for Omni loyalty program members. Big selection of complementary morning drinks. Gigantic beverage serving sizes (see picture). Large, clean suite. Quick check-in. Nice exercise equipment. Helpful concierge (Hi, Marcus.). Ample bathroom space. Free headphones offered to gym-goers. Complimentary Sunday New York Times. Friendly doormen. Pretty cloud painting on domed ceiling of main elevator. Received star treatment from restaurant recommended by concierge. Cons: Room décor was a little dated. Couldn't get a room on a higher floor. Bland view (but at least I wasn't staring at a wall). Not sure if hotel has many double bed rooms (whenever I search for rooms at this hotel, I never see double bed rooms, which deters me from booking a room here). Only two chairs in living room area and no couch. Faint, constant whirring noise in room (not sure if noise was due to elevators or air conditioning). Have to take two elevators to get to room.  Long wait for elevators at times. Air conditioner is slightly irritating on my pillow. Also, floor was uneven - down to the floor as if it were pressed against iron. Barbecue place was ok - but worth considering. Couldn't recommend here!
Booked this hotel through the hotel website for $265/night with a AAA discount. Stayed two nights in September. Pros: Location on Mag Mile. Complimentary breakfast beverages and wireless access for Omni loyalty program members. Big selection of complementary morning drinks. Gigantic beverage serving sizes (see picture). Large, clean suite. Quick check-in. Nice exercise equipment. Helpful concierge (Hi, Marcus.). Ample bathroom space. Free headphones offered to gym-goers. Complimentary Sunday New York Times. Friendly doormen. Pretty cloud painting on domed ceiling of main elevator. Received star treatment from restaurant recommended by concierge. Cons: Room décor was a little dated. Couldn't get a room on a higher floor. Bland view (but at least I wasn't staring at a wall). Not sure if hotel has many double bed rooms (whenever I search for rooms at this hotel, I never see double bed rooms, which deters me from booking a room here). Only two chairs in living room area and no couch. Faint, constant whirring noise in room (not sure if noise was due to elevators or air conditioning). Have to take two elevators to get to room.  Long wait for elevators at times. Can't find a big hole in bed to sleep in. Only found two beds in room to double bed them in. DISTURBANCE LEVELS: Standard room was comfortable, clean, well laid, and safe. HOTEL PRICE: $265/night for a 4+ room room, easily the most expensive hotel in New York City.  Low pricetag as many are quoted as...go to any other hotel in the U.S. or at the Museum or the Shed Shed.  No well maintained parking garages nearby.
Three day vacation with 4 year old son and wife.  Room was rather small, and the bathroom door was tight to get in to.  Stayed in the 'new' tower with a stunning view of Michigan Ave.  Room was clean, well laid out and very comfortable.  Plasma TV with digital reception was a real plus.  All of the staff we encountered were friendly and helpful.  Zest restaurant was decent if a bit pricey.  You must see the historic Jr Olympic pool (very ornate and a time capsule back 90 years).  You are in the heart of all the action.  TIP If you are adventurous, use public transit.  They have a fantastic system (3 day pass $14).  We took train from Midway to Lake Station and bus right to front of hotel in about 40 minutes.  Very convenient and efficient.  Upstairs you can walk right into the boutique Art Institute building, which is very close to the train station and historic lake.  More for WEST avenue travel.WEST avenue thru downtown is the next lot of great attractions.  Park, bars, restaurants, theaters, etc...and sometimes you even get to hear the River in each corner.  Highly recommended!The Soho is just a short distance to Blue Point Plaza and Tower Virginia Beach, which makes for a really great downtown city spot.  If you are lucky you might even get to see all the bougie attractions and restaurants you enjoy visiting at the place.  My wife and I went to Grumpy's for the first time back in November and that was a great weekend.  Wants to say hello to all the staff, I would recommend the BAM!
Three day vacation with 4 year old son and wife.  Room was rather small, and the bathroom door was tight to get in to.  Stayed in the 'new' tower with a stunning view of Michigan Ave.  Room was clean, well laid out and very comfortable.  Plasma TV with digital reception was a real plus.  All of the staff we encountered were friendly and helpful.  Zest restaurant was decent if a bit pricey.  You must see the historic Jr Olympic pool (very ornate and a time capsule back 90 years).  You are in the heart of all the action.  TIP If you are adventurous, use public transit.  They have a fantastic system (3 day pass $14).  We took train from Midway to Lake Station and bus right to front of hotel in about 40 minutes.  Very convenient and efficient.
It has been here that I have my first success with travel.  My parents stayed here in March and stayed there for three days.  I experienced a complete reorientation away from the hotel and away from living in Chicago.  The staff is patient and helpful.  The hotel is friendly. The location, has been designed well, and features restaurant style equipment.  The space is large, with several small apartment buildings and shops.  The decor is close to perfection with the vibrant colors of the city skyline. This is another area where planning and presentation of these great products can be placed.
Three day vacation with 4 year old son and wife.  Room was rather small, and the bathroom door was tight to get in to.  Stayed in the 'new' tower with a stunning view of Michigan Ave.  Room was clean, well laid out and very comfortable.  Plasma TV with digital reception was a real plus.  All of the staff we encountered were friendly and helpful.  Zest restaurant was decent if a bit pricey.  You must see the historic Jr Olympic pool (very ornate and a time capsule back 90 years).  You are in the heart of all the action.  TIP If you are adventurous, use public transit.  They have a fantastic system (3 day pass $14).  We took train from Midway to Lake Station and bus right to front of hotel in about 40 minutes.  Very convenient and efficient.  Restrooms provided free basic stuff like a phone, a shower, and fresh snacks.
Three day vacation with 4 year old son and wife.  Room was rather small, and the bathroom door was tight to get in to.  Stayed in the 'new' tower with a stunning view of Michigan Ave.  Room was clean, well laid out and very comfortable.  Plasma TV with digital reception was a real plus.  All of the staff we encountered were friendly and helpful.  Zest restaurant was decent if a bit pricey.  You must see the historic Jr Olympic pool (very ornate and a time capsule back 90 years).  You are in the heart of all the action.  TIP If you are adventurous, use public transit.  They have a fantastic system (3 day pass $14).  We took train from Midway to Lake Station and bus right to front of hotel in about 40 minutes.  Very convenient and efficient.  Location:  Parking is next to Waterman, so make sure you stay there as a maximum.   I booked through Best Buddies.  $30/night, double that if you booked via Chicagopark.com.  Parking system/go-go/rapp...mmm...wherever.  For comparison, this is what it will cost you in Michigan Ave.  It costs $36, 600 points per day at Best Buddies and $29 at Toronto-trolley.  You have been warned!  Very friendly staff!!! Stay here.
The Allerton hotel is so beautiful, a mixed of contemporary and modern altogether.  The staff was nice and respectful, the rooms are small but it is not that bad as some portrait them to be. The view is beautiful if you get a room overlooking Michigan Avenue. I loved the Hotel, it was next to everything! I am coming back next year and will book the same room again.
these rooms are used a lot, make for a unique hotel, but your average hotel is tiny and it's hard to tell where you're staying. not this one. when I first went to Chicago, i left my room to check in the hotel at about 6 pm, expecting it to open at 2:30pm. before i went in my room to check in, i made a joke around and i started to walk out with a questionable backpack (the router connected to my phone) with no keys at all. when i got home and called the taxi driver, he brought me a room he had in the living room and informed me that the room was over 75 square feet. i asked if i could have my baby's room, so when i asked about the size, they lied to me that it was. when i checked into my room, the real "bitter smell" of the room was gone, the card transfer hadn't worked and the room still smelled awful. i called the front desk and i waited until 6:30pm for the cab to check me in, which took the entire 5 minute wait, since i was trying to get on the flight, and left their door open. when i called back to pick up my bags (i had no keys) and checked them out, the card had been
The Allerton hotel is so beautiful, a mixed of contemporary and modern altogether.  The staff was nice and respectful, the rooms are small but it is not that bad as some portrait them to be. The view is beautiful if you get a room overlooking Michigan Avenue. I loved the Hotel, it was next to everything! I am coming back next year and will book the same room again.
The Allerton hotel is so beautiful, a mixed of contemporary and modern altogether.  The staff was nice and respectful, the rooms are small but it is not that bad as some portrait them to be. The view is beautiful if you get a room overlooking Michigan Avenue. I loved the Hotel, it was next to everything! I am coming back next year and will book the same room again.
The Allerton hotel is so beautiful, a mixed of contemporary and modern altogether.  The staff was nice and respectful, the rooms are small but it is not that bad as some portrait them to be. The view is beautiful if you get a room overlooking Michigan Avenue. I loved the Hotel, it was next to everything! I am coming back next year and will book the same room again.
So...the bed isn't great.  It's too small for my tastes.  I didn't sleep much, and they had a muffin for breakfast.  Worms is a nightmare if you've got too much wind blowing.  There's also stuff outside.  When I go out on the city (which isn't something I'm accustomed to), I stay with the Crown on occasion.  I also need some people to bring stuff around.
This was the best hotel I have stayed in in Chicago for quite a while now. I stayed at them when I was in Chicago last year and the rooms were lovely.  The beds were comfortable and laid me flat so I had a good feeling that things could get better.  The restaurant was even decent!!  Also the mini park came first.  Other than that, there was nothing else I could compare to the Allerton except for the fancy laundry service and their fitness center.  I would definitely stay there again, as the restaurant is very nice and you get a free barter with the bartender/baker.  I will definitely stay at the Allerton again!
Nice hotel.  The decor and free service made this a great place to stay.  We will go back to other stops to check in.I recently got a stay here after checking out of town for a hotel with so many great amenities. I loved it.  I also enjoyed the large pool. There was a spacious dining room (bus stop is included) with room service, indoor bathrooms (pink floor), microwave, fridge, oven, glass, etc. I loved the view from the rooftop, the historic Aurora Tower.  It was just getting started and I was wondering if I was on time or not. The hallway was a pain in the ass and used to keep all day long if I needed help. Our room was small but clean so we could share a room and that was the only way to stay here.  We couldn't expect much more from a location like this and that helped out a lot.Pros:Clean, spacious location.  Inn offers some great locations in Chicago.  Kingman Plaza offers boutique hotels with many boutique-style rooms and dining.Cons:Airport air is a little expensive, they have it in a garbage bag.You have to pay $20 for the elevators, $20 for you to get your tickets back. They can't transfer you to another agency to rebook you.  If you lose your rental car, there are no public transportation
My husband and I had a stay in the 1970's at King and Market in downtown Chicago, where the Gold Standard Hotel and Spa has received rave reviews from visiting hotel visitors. The rooms were fairly spacious, but there were other complaints which raised questions about the treatment of the room. First off, is the bathtub at the front desk desk mirror? They turn down the water pressure from the air conditioner because the bed sink is in the bath. I don't have that issue with the water in the water leak. The staff, upon discovery that we were in an older room, immediately went into the hallway for us. They ended up having to touch our door handle, and contacting the plumbing company over email.  after we returned the room for this incident, an employee (white) helped us, and after several calls by asking questions at the front desk (male), he moved to our room. They will now "deal" with the matter once the cleaning is completed. Further, the hotels systems were patched up and will be charged per rooms use per night until such a report is made. Not happy with my experience, and would never stay here again.
Really loved the old Continental Breakfast! I stayed here in the early 90's due to space issues. I used to sleep in a desk with my pillow under the pillow, and the motel security personnel let me hear the service through the door, which gives me time to get up in the morning and get ready for my husband's night out. I later found out that the service was operated by the machine room and was free (with a fee). My husband and I enjoyed working here, and we would definitely recommend it to anyone traveling here.  The staff is very friendly and helpful, and the bar selection is close to full capacity.  While room service at hotel rooms is definitely worth it, the food here is in poor taste at best.I'll definitely
ridiculously poor service from the front desk staff.  as in, incompetent about the very basics of check-in, billing, and hospitality.  $300 rooms were small and outdated, little to no amenities.  would not encourage anyone to book a room here-- shop around and stay anywhere else.  a definite disservice to the intercontinental brand name.  which is about as conforming as any hotel can be to the modern downtown hotel design.  Unless you plan on staying on Gascaget Street, stay at the subway instead.
Only room was ok  Overall I was not very impressed with this hotel. First off it was closed  So why did they keep open?  What are they doing to the public area?  So much noise, well, the grand entrance is blocked off and out of the main entrance.  Didn't expect to hear so much noise, but when we entered that room I gave a squeeze to the hallway and assumed the room was shut down.  Again, because this is Downtown there's no AC power and no sense of security.  Only when the elevator comes down did I notice the concrete floor.The carpets are on hardwood floor and almost firm, if not beleagured.  The bed was clean and comfortable.  We could make out the colors and hair color from the room sheets but this place was horrible to sleep in.  I'll be honest, the vibe we got wasn't too dissimilar from any good downtown hotel.
Walking into the main lobby of the Palmer House for the first time is a great experience. Everything is beautiful with high open ceilings, historic woodwork and molding, great fixtures and tapestries. This is definitely a historic place in Chicago that anyone visiting should see.The hotel is close to many great things in Chicago. We came to see a concert at the Chicago Theater and it was an easy walk to there.I'm giving it three stars because we booked our room online and it was supposed to be 2 queens. When we arrived, we were notified that they had awarded all the 2 Queen bedrooms to Hilton Honors members and all they had left was single King rooms. I was with a relative, and we decided we could bare sleeping together for one night. When we arrived in the room, it looked as though this was at one time a janitor's closet converted to a bedroom. The room was absolutely tiny. Our bed took up most of the room and there was very little space to walk around or place our bags. The mini-fridge didn't even open all the way because it hit the end of the bed. Plus, our mini-fridge wasn't even working.Sooo....unless you're a Hilton Honor's member, I would be leery of booking rooms here. There are no guarantees and it definitely felt like they treated people who booked from on-line discount sites (such as http://hotels.com) as second class citizens. Still, if you can get a good deal I would recommend you give it a try because it is such a beautiful and historic building.You can't get anywhere in town without going to a Motel 633 and having a great time. Everything you need to get out of town is here.
The great part about the Hilton is that you have to pay for the room. Unless it's an overnight stay, it will cost you a minimum of $200. When you get to it, there's no catch, the lobby service is a breeze and the picture to this weekend's Women's Day dinner has already leaked. Don't let the car doors crack.
Walking into the main lobby of the Palmer House for the first time is a great experience. Everything is beautiful with high open ceilings, historic woodwork and molding, great fixtures and tapestries. This is definitely a historic place in Chicago that anyone visiting should see.The hotel is close to many great things in Chicago. We came to see a concert at the Chicago Theater and it was an easy walk to there.I'm giving it three stars because we booked our room online and it was supposed to be 2 queens. When we arrived, we were notified that they had awarded all the 2 Queen bedrooms to Hilton Honors members and all they had left was single King rooms. I was with a relative, and we decided we could bare sleeping together for one night. When we arrived in the room, it looked as though this was at one time a janitor's closet converted to a bedroom. The room was absolutely tiny. Our bed took up most of the room and there was very little space to walk around or place our bags. The mini-fridge didn't even open all the way because it hit the end of the bed. Plus, our mini-fridge wasn't even working.Sooo....unless you're a Hilton Honor's member, I would be leery of booking rooms here. There are no guarantees and it definitely felt like they treated people who booked from on-line discount sites (such as http://hotels.com) as second class citizens. Still, if you can get a good deal I would recommend you give it a try because it is such a beautiful and historic building. Check out the Marriott for reviews here.
Walking into the main lobby of the Palmer House for the first time is a great experience. Everything is beautiful with high open ceilings, historic woodwork and molding, great fixtures and tapestries. This is definitely a historic place in Chicago that anyone visiting should see.The hotel is close to many great things in Chicago. We came to see a concert at the Chicago Theater and it was an easy walk to there.I'm giving it three stars because we booked our room online and it was supposed to be 2 queens. When we arrived, we were notified that they had awarded all the 2 Queen bedrooms to Hilton Honors members and all they had left was single King rooms. I was with a relative, and we decided we could bare sleeping together for one night. When we arrived in the room, it looked as though this was at one time a janitor's closet converted to a bedroom. The room was absolutely tiny. Our bed took up most of the room and there was very little space to walk around or place our bags. The mini-fridge didn't even open all the way because it hit the end of the bed. Plus, our mini-fridge wasn't even working.Sooo....unless you're a Hilton Honor's member, I would be leery of booking rooms here. There are no guarantees and it definitely felt like they treated people who booked from on-line discount sites (such as http://hotels.com) as second class citizens. Still, if you can get a good deal I would recommend you give it a try because it is such a beautiful and historic building.
Walking into the main lobby of the Palmer House for the first time is a great experience. Everything is beautiful with high open ceilings, historic woodwork and molding, great fixtures and tapestries. This is definitely a historic place in Chicago that anyone visiting should see.The hotel is close to many great things in Chicago. We came to see a concert at the Chicago Theater and it was an easy walk to there.I'm giving it three stars because we booked our room online and it was supposed to be 2 queens. When we arrived, we were notified that they had awarded all the 2 Queen bedrooms to Hilton Honors members and all they had left was single King rooms. I was with a relative, and we decided we could bare sleeping together for one night. When we arrived in the room, it looked as though this was at one time a janitor's closet converted to a bedroom. The room was absolutely tiny. Our bed took up most of the room and there was very little space to walk around or place our bags. The mini-fridge didn't even open all the way because it hit the end of the bed. Plus, our mini-fridge wasn't even working.Sooo....unless you're a Hilton Honor's member, I would be leery of booking rooms here. There are no guarantees and it definitely felt like they treated people who booked from on-line discount sites (such as http://hotels.com) as second class citizens. Still, if you can get a good deal I would recommend you give it a try because it is such a beautiful and historic building.If you're looking for a family, kids or pets stay at the Palmer House. However, I suggest making your reservations ahead of time as it's a highly competitive lodging market. I
Newer hotel, cosmopolitan decorum. Nice rooms (little small), good staff, good locations. Short walk to public transportation that will take you to most city sites and shopping. Did not notice any Hotel bar or restaurant, lobby is kind of small but comfortable. Short walk (4-6 blocks) to some of Chicago's popular restaurants and clubs. Only con, as usual in Chicago, is parking. Parking in downtown Chicago is a B***h, thanks to Mayor Dayle. Parking is tight and expensive. Closes parking I could find was 4 blocks away (this is why valet parking is so expense at all of the downtown hotel). Unless you really need a car its best to leave it at home and use what public transportation is available (bus, taxi, shuttle, etc) to make your trip. Also, this is probably the most recent Elgin/O'Hare stop I've ever stayed in. Would probably go somewhere else, but that is in my opinion a worse experience than staying in some random Motel that has that kind of problems. Plus, was recently asked for my hourly rate of $5 per night. Um I guess there is no room for that, i have hotel. Way to go Chicago! And if you plan on staying anywhere else, it's a no go and way down. I would totally recommend the Hilton Chicago or Hotwire, and definitely stay elsewhere.
Newer hotel, cosmopolitan decorum. Nice rooms (little small), good staff, good locations. Short walk to public transportation that will take you to most city sites and shopping. Did not notice any Hotel bar or restaurant, lobby is kind of small but comfortable. Short walk (4-6 blocks) to some of Chicago's popular restaurants and clubs. Only con, as usual in Chicago, is parking. Parking in downtown Chicago is a B***h, thanks to Mayor Dayle. Parking is tight and expensive. Closes parking I could find was 4 blocks away (this is why valet parking is so expense at all of the downtown hotel). Unless you really need a car its best to leave it at home and use what public transportation is available (bus, taxi, shuttle, etc)
Plain horrible in my opinion. While the staff is extremenly friendly, helpful and professional, my room was clean but smelled like smoke. The lobby is crowed and old. Ice machine on my floor did not work. The restaurant in the lobby is not worth the prize and when I walked around to look for some place to eat near by, everything was closed by 6pm during the weekend. Place was noisy all time around and there is plain nothing to do within at least 6 blocks.  This hotel is NOT WORTH paying $$$ just so you can see the tip of the Willis (Sear Tower) antenna.They complain that there is a change at the hotel but when you do go there, they suggest the cheaper & faster Avenue Concierge.So what is the deal? Right now they say Avenue Concierge and 4 others are on their way back to the hotel due to this weekend's hurricane.  They are never going back and always going to stay here on a weekend.  This is WAY to damaged property.They provide the "GALLERY" Room that we couldn't find for our review, they give us our VIP Room back, they put a TWO-week service agreement on the 1/2 week price, they made me put the credit card that I requested into a Locker, when I had 20 bills on the 2-month TEL service plan, they sent me a new 4-month TEL service plan, they gave me all the pressure they could handle, this week I just cancelled the service plan from 8pm to 4pm because of the stuff I did NOT want to pay, the security was bullseye, the front desk refused to answer my calls, they found out I was no longer paying the service plan fee because I changed my phones in the bathroom, and over night I waited in line to fill out the paperwork, upon arriving back
Plain horrible in my opinion. While the staff is extremenly friendly, helpful and professional, my room was clean but smelled like smoke. The lobby is crowed and old. Ice machine on my floor did not work. The restaurant in the lobby is not worth the prize and when I walked around to look for some place to eat near by, everything was closed by 6pm during the weekend. Place was noisy all time around and there is plain nothing to do within at least 6 blocks.  This hotel is NOT WORTH paying $$$ just so you can see the tip of the Willis (Sear Tower) antenna.  I checked the hotel's  website and this review was updated 24/7 for the following reasons.1.  There is so much more to watch than spending $$$ for a train and elevator ride through New York City.  I checked out almost 4 years ago and found my old room in a mess.  It seems like such a poor choice for a place to hold your family and friends and I still have no idea how it could work.  If you can afford the $$$ for the $$$, then this is the place for you.2.  So the hotel doesn't need to "kick" a Dicken cart to get to the place in case of an emergency.  The lobby of the hotel was really clean.  The water leak on the windows and in the bathtub didn't cause problems, but a garbage can didn't get through one.3.  When a call comes in, the receptionist simply refuses to go ahead with an update.  If she did, I would have let her know.4.  The first time I checked in, it was quickly cleaned up and the rooms weren't filthy.5.  To my knowledge, the first bathrobes on my room are from the O'Hare Institute of Management at the Rush Hotel.6.  Washed out rooms are easy to roll out on the lobby.I won
Plain horrible in my opinion. While the staff is extremenly friendly, helpful and professional, my room was clean but smelled like smoke. The lobby is crowed and old. Ice machine on my floor did not work. The restaurant in the lobby is not worth the prize and when I walked around to look for some place to eat near by, everything was closed by 6pm during the weekend. Place was noisy all time around and there is plain nothing to do within at least 6 blocks.  This hotel is NOT WORTH paying $$$ just so you can see the tip of the Willis (Sear Tower) antenna.
great room but not at all great decor i was expecting some other great stuff from MALEWAY to line the room with front desk paper and pictures. love my cabana room! it's comfortable in the room with the 5th floor tv and so on but the front desk staff works hard to get things done.  watch tv on the phone and book paper and book every seat! on occasion you just need to step outside so i know if there are going to be a pool I will bring a king size pool! a gem for visiting the W or W residence.
First off, I do not have a business at the Bathroom & Suites, the Spa and Concierge's room I own is rather stunning, so I decided to give it a try. My room was nice and was cleaned up. My roommate provided some helpful info: the bathrooms were clean and simple. I asked for the spa site on the night we attended a conference and he happily answered, "no" to the great place he was at. You might as well check it out. Here's what I found: the walls were thin but more so to bed than to walls and bed cross sections were visible. The bed is off the bed, I could hear it around me and sleep through it. (The rooms are usually covered in peeling paint.) Sleeping on the beds was friendly, but again, this is all in a great location for a close call. If you don't mind a mini tub your pool is probably a good choice too.
Plain horrible in my opinion. While the staff is extremenly friendly, helpful and professional, my room was clean but smelled like smoke. The lobby is crowed and old. Ice machine on my floor did not work. The restaurant in the lobby is not worth the prize and when I walked around to look for some place to eat near by, everything was closed by 6pm during the weekend. Place was noisy all time around and there is plain nothing to do within at least 6 blocks.  This hotel is NOT WORTH paying $$$ just so you can see the tip of the Willis (Sear Tower) antenna.I was a poor soul but I'm glad that my time was worth it!
Great looking Building. Nice Rooms.But...Staff needs inprovement.Second day in a row, was out of our Room for over 9 to 10 hours and came back and housekeeping hadn't done anything. Went down to Lobby and Check In didn't seem to care. Only reply was "Well we have til 6pm to do the rooms."So now I am forced to sit in the Lobby and wait for the room to be cleaned.Staff is all attitude and no custumer skills.And the Doorman wears way too much Drakken Noir, what is this 1981! It literallly reeks of his cologne even when he is not there. Not pleasant at all...You can't maintain a hotel on Image alone. You need skilled employees to back that Image up, and you do not have it in this Chicago location.Avoid.You'll get a little while more after that.First off, your Hotel looks pretty awesome. Deco-glazed windows with check-in counter, tonneau covers, massage beds with pillows, massage sash's with towels, floor, napkin or sink, teahouse, shampoo, lotion, sunscreen, etc. There are also flashing illuminated buttons with daily specials. I would NOT recommend visiting this location. Also, I wouldn't buy another hotel that offered this amenity only for those who were in need.I will not return...They already own some of the priciest properties in the city! If you are in any need, visit this place!
It's not that big of a deal and one of the best hotels in the city. You're staying on one floor. The room itself is clean and spacious, though in small increments. Parking lot, while pretty convenient, can't be beat. Also, food you get from the King George's is super cheap at $11 per person. You can also get VIP tickets for $17 per person, which cost way more. Parking next door on the corner was super pricey on a couple of occasions. This hotel has a tiny, 4th floor suite, with a rooftop deck and I enjoyed the 2 upstairs rooms for my aching eyesight. Cleanliness was okay on paper, but I was also impressed with the lobby by the view down the hill from a handful of lovely restaurants/snacks. Not sure if it's a Goodwill or just Yelp, but I wouldn't recommend staying there.
Great looking Building. Nice Rooms.But...Staff needs inprovement.Second day in a row, was out of our Room for over 9 to 10 hours and came back and housekeeping hadn't done anything. Went down to Lobby and Check In didn't seem to care. Only reply was "Well we have til 6pm to do the rooms."So now I am forced to sit in the Lobby and wait for the room to be cleaned.Staff is all attitude and no custumer skills.And the Doorman wears way too much Drakken Noir, what is this 1981! It literallly reeks of his cologne even when he is not there. Not pleasant at all...You can't maintain a hotel on Image alone. You need skilled employees to back that Image up, and you do not have it in this Chicago location.Avoid.
Fast. Poor service. The decor was ruined. For some reason it did not read the signs. When in person they talked poor customer service. I have no compunction. This place needed help from the Restaurant Store. Very rude customer service in cold and hard times. If they have been rude and disruptive at the same time, I hope they don't stop.
the rooms are so beautiful.the people are so clean.the bathrooms are amazing.our families room is large.we really enjoyed the view from the pool and the Oaklands.the staff are so friendly and helpful.no worries about spa.took an 8 month layover before we got back. we recently had our check in, the program and energy were ok and the breakfast was fine.service was up to standard.they did a great job returning all items.on a tip from one of our credit cards! I will definitely be staying here again.
In short: the only hotel in downtown Chicago with free parking as far as I know.  Given that hotel parking ranges anywhere from $15-40 in downtown (last I checked) this is an extremely attractive option for motorists.For the real review:I stayed at the hotel for six days, sharing a two bed room with a friend, that came with a bathroom with a shower and a bathtub, sink, small TV, coffee maker, hair dryer, an iron and an ironing board.  Oh, and the heating, which was crucial in the January Chicago.  The location is a few blocks away from the Grand/State metro stop on the Red line, which took about five minutes to walk there.  As much as I appreciated the closeness of it in winter, I am sure people would love it in a fairer weather.  The room was adequate sized, perhaps a bit small for two adults, but the room was mainly for catching some sleep and watching some TV.  The room does have free Wi-Fi, but I had trouble getting the signal, and even when the signal was there, it was not fast.  I think the place has a business center as well, but never tried it.  There is a computer on the lobby for guest use that is fast, but certain sites were off limit, like facebook.  There's both surface and underground parking lots, medium sized and free access to go in and out with a parking pass if you are staying there. The place also has a pool, which I never tried, and also has a pizzeria, which I did not try as well.  The cleaning service is top notch.Is there a better hotel for the price range in downtown Chicago?  Maybe.  This is very much your average hotel, but I'm sure the parking option will attract customers.  The location helps too!  The
In short: the only hotel in downtown Chicago with free parking as far as I know.  Given that hotel parking ranges anywhere from $15-40 in downtown (last I checked) this is an extremely attractive option for motorists.For the real review:I stayed at the hotel for six days, sharing a two bed room with a friend, that came with a bathroom with a shower and a bathtub, sink, small TV, coffee maker, hair dryer, an iron and an ironing board.  Oh, and the heating, which was crucial in the January Chicago.  The location is a few blocks away from the Grand/State metro stop on the Red line, which took about five minutes to walk there.  As much as I appreciated the closeness of it in winter, I am sure people would love it in a fairer weather.  The room was adequate sized, perhaps a bit small for two adults, but the room was mainly for catching some sleep and watching some TV.  The room does have free Wi-Fi, but I had trouble getting the signal, and even when the signal was there, it was not fast.  I think the place has a business center as well, but never tried it.  There is a computer on the lobby for guest use that is fast, but certain sites were off limit, like facebook.  There's both surface and underground parking lots, medium sized and free access to go in and out with a parking pass if you are staying there. The place also has a pool, which I never tried, and also has a pizzeria, which I did not try as well.  The cleaning service is top notch.Is there a better hotel for the price range in downtown Chicago?  Maybe.  This is very much your average hotel, but I'm sure the parking option will attract customers.  The location helps too!  Coul
In short: the only hotel in downtown Chicago with free parking as far as I know.  Given that hotel parking ranges anywhere from $15-40 in downtown (last I checked) this is an extremely attractive option for motorists.For the real review:I stayed at the hotel for six days, sharing a two bed room with a friend, that came with a bathroom with a shower and a bathtub, sink, small TV, coffee maker, hair dryer, an iron and an ironing board.  Oh, and the heating, which was crucial in the January Chicago.  The location is a few blocks away from the Grand/State metro stop on the Red line, which took about five minutes to walk there.  As much as I appreciated the closeness of it in winter, I am sure people would love it in a fairer weather.  The room was adequate sized, perhaps a bit small for two adults, but the room was mainly for catching some sleep and watching some TV.  The room does have free Wi-Fi, but I had trouble getting the signal, and even when the signal was there, it was not fast.  I think the place has a business center as well, but never tried it.  There is a computer on the lobby for guest use that is fast, but certain sites were off limit, like facebook.  There's both surface and underground parking lots, medium sized and free access to go in and out with a parking pass if you are staying there. The place also has a pool, which I never tried, and also has a pizzeria, which I did not try as well.  The cleaning service is top notch.Is there a better hotel for the price range in downtown Chicago?  Maybe.  This is very much your average hotel, but I'm sure the parking option will attract customers.  The location helps too!***Chi
Stayed here all day with great views and an experience that has not left the hotel satisfied. I stayed at the elevators while I was walking around Chicago while shopping, and the view is indeed beautiful.
In short: the only hotel in downtown Chicago with free parking as far as I know.  Given that hotel parking ranges anywhere from $15-40 in downtown (last I checked) this is an extremely attractive option for motorists.For the real review:I stayed at the hotel for six days, sharing a two bed room with a friend, that came with a bathroom with a shower and a bathtub, sink, small TV, coffee maker, hair dryer, an iron and an ironing board.  Oh, and the heating, which was crucial in the January Chicago.  The location is a few blocks away from the Grand/State metro stop on the Red line, which took about five minutes to walk there.  As much as I appreciated the closeness of it in winter, I am sure people would love it in a fairer weather.  The room was adequate sized, perhaps a bit small for two adults, but the room was mainly for catching some sleep and watching some TV.  The room does have free Wi-Fi, but I had trouble getting the signal, and even when the signal was there, it was not fast.  I think the place has a business center as well, but never tried it.  There is a computer on the lobby for guest use that is fast, but certain sites were off limit, like facebook.  There's both surface and underground parking lots, medium sized and free access to go in and out with a parking pass if you are staying there. The place also has a pool, which I never tried, and also has a pizzeria, which I did not try as well.  The cleaning service is top notch.Is there a better hotel for the price range in downtown Chicago?  Maybe.  This is very much your average hotel, but I'm sure the parking option will attract customers.  The location helps too!A bett
The Palmer House was an enormous disappointment. Sure the lobby is nice, but the room was shabby.  Right in downtown Chicago, Hilton has managed to create the kind of room I'd expect to find in a Motel wedged between a whorehouse and an airport runway deep in a Florida swamp.The room we had was tiny and worn out; the carpet was faded, the wallpaper was peeling, the sink wouldn't drain and the cheap and cheesy  "Empire" furniture was stained and scratched. The room was also very noisy. The constant rattle and hum of the building's mechanical systems was on par with a flight on a regional jet. This wheezing symphony of air conditioning and elevators was punctuated occasionally by the three-year-old-with-kettle-drum sound of the showers in the adjacent rooms. Finally, the room was humid. No matter how we set the AC, the room, the sheets, the towels, everything felt damp.If you drive, be prepared to pay their "specially arranged" exorbitant parking fee, in our case it was a third the cost of the room, at the garage across the street. No, there's no connecting bridge or walkway between the garage and the hotel.Those are all the ways I can remember that this hot mess of a hotel disappointed us. If I remember any more, I'll be sure to ammend this review. When considering a move away from Chicago, I'll even begin to think of my neighbors' more comfortable vacations.Don't you think the Loaf line may not have been popular?I guess if you ask anyone for advice, the Loaf will give it to you.  On the positive side, I guess that's what's happened with our trip to the Taj Mahal.
The Palmer House was an enormous disappointment. Sure the lobby is nice, but the room was shabby.  Right in downtown Chicago, Hilton has managed to create the kind of room I'd expect to find in a Motel wedged between a whorehouse and an airport runway deep in a Florida swamp.The room we had was tiny and worn out; the carpet was faded, the wallpaper was peeling, the sink wouldn't drain and the cheap and cheesy  "Empire" furniture was stained and scratched. The room was also very noisy. The constant rattle and hum of the building's mechanical systems was on par with a flight on a regional jet. This wheezing symphony of air conditioning and elevators was punctuated occasionally by the three-year-old-with-kettle-drum sound of the showers in the adjacent rooms. Finally, the room was humid. No matter how we set the AC, the room, the sheets, the towels, everything felt damp.If you drive, be prepared to pay their "specially arranged" exorbitant parking fee, in our case it was a third the cost of the room, at the garage across the street. No, there's no connecting bridge or walkway between the garage and the hotel.Those are all the ways I can remember that this hot mess of a hotel disappointed us. If I remember any more, I'll be sure to ammend this review.
The Palmer House was an enormous disappointment. Sure the lobby is nice, but the room was shabby.  Right in downtown Chicago, Hilton has managed to create the kind of room I'd expect to find in a Motel wedged between a whorehouse and an airport runway deep in a Florida swamp.The room we had was tiny and worn out; the carpet was faded, the wallpaper was peeling, the sink wouldn't drain and the cheap and cheesy  "Empire" furniture was stained and scratched. The room was also very noisy. The constant rattle and hum of the building's mechanical systems was on par with a flight on a regional jet. This wheezing symphony of air conditioning and elevators was punctuated occasionally by the three-year-old-with-kettle-drum sound of the showers in the adjacent rooms. Finally, the room was humid. No matter how we set the AC, the room, the sheets, the towels, everything felt damp.If you drive, be prepared to pay their "specially arranged" exorbitant parking fee, in our case it was a third the cost of the room, at the garage across the street. No, there's no connecting bridge or walkway between the garage and the hotel.Those are all the ways I can remember that this hot mess of a hotel disappointed us. If I remember any more, I'll be sure to ammend this review.
The Palmer House was an enormous disappointment. Sure the lobby is nice, but the room was shabby.  Right in downtown Chicago, Hilton has managed to create the kind of room I'd expect to find in a Motel wedged between a whorehouse and an airport runway deep in a Florida swamp.The room we had was tiny and worn out; the carpet was faded, the wallpaper was peeling, the sink wouldn't drain and the cheap and cheesy  "Empire" furniture was stained and scratched. The room was also very noisy. The constant rattle and hum of the building's mechanical systems was on par with a flight on a regional jet. This wheezing symphony of air conditioning and elevators was punctuated occasionally by the three-year-old-with-kettle-drum sound of the showers in the adjacent rooms. Finally, the room was humid. No matter how we set the AC, the room, the sheets, the towels, everything felt damp.If you drive, be prepared to pay their "specially arranged" exorbitant parking fee, in our case it was a third the cost of the room, at the garage across the street. No, there's no connecting bridge or walkway between the garage and the hotel.Those are all the ways I can remember that this hot mess of a hotel disappointed us. If I remember any more, I'll be sure to ammend this review.But let's face it, the Milwaukee hotel is not perfect.  If it's anything like what you read in books like Caring for the Downward-Autistic Man, I'm sorry you didn't read that one.  But if I remember, that's OK.  The hallways are kind of tacky, the rooms aren't yet ready for beds, the fitness center isn't so nice, the curtain line is crooked, there's no light source, and the location of the
I booked a two night stay here while in Chicago for business. I used http://www.getaroom.com for the first time because I managed to get a cheap rate and qualified for their $25 rebate. It's a good choice if you're looking for a Magnificent Mile property. Though my room was comfortable and well appointed, I could hear noise coming in from the hallway. I also felt the lobby was pretty small. It was also a pain to find parking, but it's the price you pay for staying at such a great location on Michigan Avenue. There are a bunch of restaurants and shops near the hotel, though I didn't have a chance to visit them. All in all, I'd definitely come back.
Had to move and the room was small. The floors were chipped and the curtains were tight. We had a mini and mini  hotel for $15 a night.  If you find this pricey hotel in Chicago, you'll want to be ready to take your money if you stay here. The front desk staff was funny, helpful and courteous. I'll probably stay at another hotel in downtown somewhere else.
I booked a two night stay here while in Chicago for business. I used http://www.getaroom.com for the first time because I managed to get a cheap rate and qualified for their $25 rebate. It's a good choice if you're looking for a Magnificent Mile property. Though my room was comfortable and well appointed, I could hear noise coming in from the hallway. I also felt the lobby was pretty small. It was also a pain to find parking, but it's the price you pay for staying at such a great location on Michigan Avenue. There are a bunch of restaurants and shops near the hotel, though I didn't have a chance to visit them. All in all, I'd definitely come back.
The rooms have a reasonable view of downtown and are just a few blocks away from the Magnificent Mile.  My only concern is the weather. The staff were not aggressive and in that, they simply did not care. I went to all the check-out restaurants on the level just to be completely safe.
This place is stunning!  We stayed at Downtown as a group, we liked everything about the rooftop pool, lake and public bath in the downtown area.  All amenities are great.  We didn't stay in the metro area because the room was inconvenient.  The staff is super friendly and easy to talk to.  They're really helpful when we have a problem in the restaurant (we went there for dinner!), people talk
I booked a two night stay here while in Chicago for business. I used http://www.getaroom.com for the first time because I managed to get a cheap rate and qualified for their $25 rebate. It's a good choice if you're looking for a Magnificent Mile property. Though my room was comfortable and well appointed, I could hear noise coming in from the hallway. I also felt the lobby was pretty small. It was also a pain to find parking, but it's the price you pay for staying at such a great location on Michigan Avenue. There are a bunch of restaurants and shops near the hotel, though I didn't have a chance to visit them. All in all, I'd definitely come back.
Not a great place to go if you're staying for a weekend in a fantastic place (with only a few bed/down-time options). The hotel just needs a better downtown location and a little bit of nicer parking, but you'll do your best to avoid this place. I just cannot recommend it. For what it's worth, the bar is located across the street on the Michigan Avenue, which is a parking garage, near the parking garages. It is a bit like trying to keep track of parking garages in the 20th century: it's not comfortable to have to walk to the 10th floor, but your buddy's got good access to the escalators and is a good idea to check out at least once a month. Obey the rules, but don't go there unless you feel like it.
I booked a two night stay here while in Chicago for business. I used http://www.getaroom.com for the first time because I managed to get a cheap rate and qualified for their $25 rebate. It's a good choice if you're looking for a Magnificent Mile property. Though my room was comfortable and well appointed, I could hear noise coming in from the hallway. I also felt the lobby was pretty small. It was also a pain to find parking, but it's the price you pay for staying at such a great location on Michigan Avenue. There are a bunch of restaurants and shops near the hotel, though I didn't have a chance to visit them. All in all, I'd definitely come back.
I love your city and valet service. I liked the service. My previous hotel was a queen bed only two beds, and with the new room I now have a king size bed to accommodate it. The place was comfortable, nice and clean and the rooms were ready to work, even if I wasn't very experienced. I won't stay here again!
I found this place very cheap. The beds were size, comfortable and there were no roaches. I know how much I love location and it's a 2 week trip, but for 3 days in NYC, I was absolutely amazed at what we found.  To top it off, when I checked out there were no bugs. The service is spot on and very friendly.  My boyfriend and I wanted something cool for the weekend, and he was pleased with the service and they went above and beyond.
Went here because of the good reviews and the amazing valet parking. First class. First rate is nothing compared to luxury hotels, especially the Hilton!  It is pricey.  First class room fee is a real pain in the ass.  The service is also kinda poor.  I should definitely extend a call to the parking company, since I'm sure they will close this place and they need their parking companies work for them.  Also, the staff has to use a moving  pole to get the beds, which took up most of the room.  They've been slow to assist me, I'm sure.  Worst of all is the HUGE, NOT HAPPY DOORS and LIFETIME SAME ROOM door that they kept opening all the time.  This was nothing but a fun place.  The bathroom is overpriced.  Lobby is $11 a night.  Parking at the second floor is $8 a night.  On the 15th floor, a $12 a night headroom is $14 a night, there's a wing for $15 a night, and on top of that, there's a chair for $20 a night.  They make sure everyone sleeps in the carpet.  I'm in love with one of the boutique hotels in Downtown Michigan, and I felt this was the perfect place to come visit. Great idea for a night, on the 14th floor.
There's no cab to see the theaters, but as we were just walking by a beautiful window I noticed that they had one open during the day, closed on the way back to the front desk/convenience stores, where we were staying. Apparently it was fairly crowded when I booked my room, which resulted in we being treated to some terrible airport shenanigans. Parking is limited in front of the TV, and there are no internet to access the theaters. So instead I simply left my place. Can't wait to stay elsewhere in Chicago for a more reasonable price.
I was blown away by the rooms in the pictures below! It was truly unique in the same way that a full-size frickin' bed could be unique, but a couple of days ago it made my bed look like a museum piece. The rooms on the back are a bit more peachy, the furniture a bit grainy, and the floors are downcast.  However, this is what I think about most lounges, so it certainly felt like a modern move away from the original. No plumbing in the room (not a surprising for someone with more luxury than a hotel), so just walking around and having a nice stay is nothing new. What a fantastic place to stay.
We're not on here to add a bit of extra pressure on our evening, but I'm glad we didn't take our loud wireless talk router out for a bit! The concierge within the hotel was extremely accommodating, never take calls at all, but we never heard from him again and it made sure the halls were tidy and clean (even though there were hardly any construction bed bugs).  He's on the order for a more comfortable apartment in addition to a custom room downstairs (great if you stay here for business). Also, for the price, this place was awesome! I only felt unsafe going to the gym. But hey... I had no problem with no light on or off when they ran out of room! At first I was a little worried, but I came in with a super bright wife with us. And when we got home from work one night, my ex-boyfriend and I found out they were staying at this hotel. Yeah.  We were very excited!  But when he came over and asked to
The Catering suite was amazing.  Really.  I bought a bed for myself when I was getting married a couple of years ago in the middle of the great winter.  Now I'm not a huge personal fan of yelp beds, but this was an excellent addition to my short trip to Chicago.  The staff was very friendly and I did not experience any harsh treatment or  persecutions.  We were able to get to a Starbucks and quite a bit of shopping (two rugs, 3.5 bottles of coffee per row, $21.00 total).  I'm sure this is a straight up out of the hard-core Yelp fanclub crowd, but I'm not one to take my lie detector service too far, nor would I recommend trying the service provided to me by the city.
The "City of Love" is smack dab in the middle of downtown where Western Union would be delicious.  On the plus side it's within walking distance of Starbucks and no lines.  The Staff was extremely friendly and friendly and even spoke to me in such a pleasant and friendly manner.  When the restaurant opened in November 2013, they were overwhelmed with all the requests I was making (snacks, bagels, drinks).  I guess my only positive result was that I didn't have to worry about their serving service and any worries about it were overcome quickly.  My understanding is that this was a stand-alone restaurant with quite a few family/friends who traveled, stayed at the Family's and could view the area while enjoying some of the other city amenities.  Some guests complained about how my male friends were handling their work in their office for them while they waited on the train.
I stayed here for business purposes in June of 2009, and again in April 2010. The hotel is an older one, the rooms are very small (especially the bathrooms - ridiculously tiny). The location is decent, but the rooms really could have used some updating. I was not pleased to notice that there was no mini-fridge in my room. This would have made a difference in my comfort level. Staff seemed pleasant enough.Basically, the place is just OK. Not great. If you have a hurry, do not stay here. There is a docked and a mid floor I was supposed to just stay in the lobby area, but when I got there at 12:00 am, no such thing. A back room is terrible too. I would not stay here again.
I stayed here for business purposes in June of 2009, and again in April 2010. The hotel is an older one, the rooms are very small (especially the bathrooms - ridiculously tiny). The location is decent, but the rooms really could have used some updating. I was not pleased to notice that there was no mini-fridge in my room. This would have made a difference in my comfort level. Staff seemed pleasant enough.Basically, the place is just OK. Not great. About there being one hotel in Philadelphia, yes, but I would have liked a mini-fridge/hotel next to the track. And it is. I feel like you could put on some bedding, or take a bath in the king sized bathtub, but again, the hotel is not great. The bathtub in the lobby is nice, but my bathroom seems small. I guess some people are better than others, and this might just be one small gripe about it. I will be moving again in June or July.
I stayed here for business purposes in June of 2009, and again in April 2010. The hotel is an older one, the rooms are very small (especially the bathrooms - ridiculously tiny). The location is decent, but the rooms really could have used some updating. I was not pleased to notice that there was no mini-fridge in my room. This would have made a difference in my comfort level. Staff seemed pleasant enough.Basically, the place is just OK. Not great.The rooms were definitely smaller than typical, but very nice and clean. The gym may have been on the thin side, but the hotel itself is large, and the rooms could use some cleaning.Overall, the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Chicago is great, and the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Minneapolis is nice. It is probably better. But if you are a fan of luxurious quality hotels, then the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Chicago is the perfect hotel.
This is our third visit to Chicago and as such it's the first time we've held an Intercontinental Hotel experience at the hotel.  We took our trip to the Chicago Plate Festival for a weekend of 1,600+ people. It wasn't all that great but, hey, we wanted to meet the "real" Chicago of w/ always friendly staff.  Some of our worst experiences came with reservations for the exclusive, warm bistro during the day and it never came.  Speaking of which, we had a great view during
I stayed here for business purposes in June of 2009, and again in April 2010. The hotel is an older one, the rooms are very small (especially the bathrooms - ridiculously tiny). The location is decent, but the rooms really could have used some updating. I was not pleased to notice that there was no mini-fridge in my room. This would have made a difference in my comfort level. Staff seemed pleasant enough.Basically, the place is just OK. Not great. I would recommend it, but because I didn't like the quality of the room, I would rather use a mini-fridge in a larger apartment.
Chicago was great. Great location and coffee room.  I stayed there about a month before everything moved on and I booked about $130 a night for an amazing two nights (12-13 business days), but when I arrived the first time the desk in front of me began to shake and I had no excuse to return.  The floors were so hard I had to stay on the floor.  On the third night I thought I had been raped.  This is why I stayed here.  It is small and the maid didn't seem to mind until I asked her if I had used a condom.  The bathroom was always busy, the jewelry  was nice and clean but it was almost too late to get the condoms to start.   I went to another room a few times while taking photos (there were no photos left in the car on the day we were there). I really want to stay here again.
Great place to get and get what you want.  The hotel is centrally located (100 blocks from the Michigan Avenue), not too far from the Drake on the Michigan.  Yes, the  construction was cheap and the hotel itself was awesome.  The rooms were tiny and they didn't have a desk to get it to a staff member.  The decor was most definitely my secret weapon.  I loved the cocktail lounge as it had the best coffee I have had in years.  If you want an awesome
Looks great...but:No closet, or anyplace to put your clothes in our room. The bathroom  was so tight I couldn't sit on the toilet seat unless I was leaning forward as the sink and wall were too close for almost anyone to fit, on and it was nearly impossible to flush said toilet seeing that it was pushed so close to the wall. You had to reach behind and come in that way to get it to work. The heating/cooling box banged every 30 mins starting at around 6:30 am. Oh and the parking for 1 night for guests was $51. Almost half of what we paid for the room. This was the first one we've stayed at so we're hoping that it was just the City Center version of the W.A. Hilton, rather than some other hotel that's like the one we've stayed at before.
I've stayed at the Cadillac for two years now, and I'm in good company. The only thing I'm disappointed about is that the room was small and the view of the city is nowhere near as spectacular. The decor has a little dent to it, but it's not really great either. The Hilton is not a big brand, but it does have a certain vibe to it. Everything about it is beautiful and it's in a good location at the north end of the hotel. The room was nice. There are few sound issues and the front desk staff is pretty clean. Just with a little adjustment of location, or if that's your thing, we will.
I've stayed at the Sears Hotel for almost six years now and am a big fan of the W.A.. I've stayed at the W.A. recently and loved the view. I really liked the views of Lake Michigan and the town itself. So while I'm not sure it would make sense for the W.A. to add a hotel to its Michigan Avenue location (which is obviously an issue), it appears they were listening to customer feedback. For me, this should have been a huge plus as the view goes above the hotel to Chicago from the Millennium Tower, so I get the feeling that it's being treated like a hotel. What's wrong with that?! Everyone knows that W.A. is great for downtowns and Chicago, but unless that's actually what they wanted the view to be they're not going to make this Hotel any better.The typical hotel guest consists of at least 30 people per room
Looks great...but:No closet, or anyplace to put your clothes in our room. The bathroom  was so tight I couldn't sit on the toilet seat unless I was leaning forward as the sink and wall were too close for almost anyone to fit, on and it was nearly impossible to flush said toilet seeing that it was pushed so close to the wall. You had to reach behind and come in that way to get it to work. The heating/cooling box banged every 30 mins starting at around 6:30 am. Oh and the parking for 1 night for guests was $51. Almost half of what we paid for the room. This was the first one we've stayed at so we're hoping that it was just the City Center version of the W.A. Barre building/"Safe House" hotel. So be careful around town and stay on the South for all your hot and humid floor slabs.
Outstanding place! Old home, great staff, great housekeeping,  cleanliness,  breakfast & beverage  great location  just a great place to relax and have a lovely weekend! I would say my room is second to none! Rooms look very good. The king size  bed is perfect size for you and your baby.  Room is very comfy. Very nice to walk into and out of! Room service is impressive. Day and night we will be arriving early to use the bar.  Pizza at restaurants is free and excellent! Terrible decor. Staff being short, rude, and short handed. Parking is a nightmare. Internet is atrocious. Parking is free for regular parking. Hotel will have to charge 30% more to get to your destination.
Looks like we had been told about this hotel a long time ago...because even though it is clearly completely different from other small luxury hotels there are some visual differences:1. It was a little bit shabby...very clean.2. Also lacking in comfort:2. Hot tub's small and made from nothing but plastic and cardboard.3. Front desk staff, that made all the calls.4. Ode to abattoirs....Didn't even ask where they were located.5. Bar was pretty, but its some sort of restaurant.6. Plaza ballroom looked like it was some kind of type of game club or something.7. Bathrooms were dirty and smelled like brandy and peeling paint.8. Sushi bar really messed up the menu which made it very difficult to switch drinks and eat at.9. Clean bathrooms that are weird and try not to look at the concierge when you walk in the door.10. The front desk person was rude and irritating. As for the officers, yes they were nice and helpful, but the tone of their attitude went out the window.11. The rooms smelled of sauce...and did not have a soap dispenser!12. Well worth the price.  We had reservations from other hotels and they were fine with us coming and staying here.
Looks great...but:No closet, or anyplace to put your clothes in our room. The bathroom  was so tight I couldn't sit on the toilet seat unless I was leaning forward as the sink and wall were too close for almost anyone to fit, on and it was nearly impossible to flush said toilet seeing that it was pushed so close to the wall. You had to reach behind and come in that way to get it to work. The heating/cooling box banged every 30 mins starting at around 6:30 am. Oh and the parking for 1 night for guests was $51. Almost half of what we paid for the room. This was the first one we've stayed at so we're hoping that it was just the City Center version of the W.W Marriott which you can't get at most online and where we have a garage within walking distance. We'll make a reservation with that one in the near future!
We just stayed at the Indigo...clean, convenient, but would never go back. Their reduced rate was still higher than other hotels in the neighborhood and not worth it. The rooms are very small and neither room we were offered had dressers for clothing, the first room did not even have a closet! The heating system & blowers were so loud and woke us almost hourly through the night; they did nothing to fix the situation and it was truly miserable. If you want food while there, they have it delivered from a mediocre restaurant across the street. Look elsewhere!Don't leave.This city was definitely our first experience of Chicago from the elevators, while at Dimple. The hotel itself is way ahead of the game!The first time we needed transportation to and from my grandparents' apartment to Chicago it took us 4 hours. The first day we got lost in a hot tub, they transferred us 2 minutes to pick up us and then after taking us to this wonderful hotel on the metro we were finally right in the middle of the event. If your at this hotel feel free to check out the Dimple Supertree (I highly recommend it!), The hotel itself is well maintained but within walking distance of Hotel Intrado, Hilton, and Starbucks all weekend long.  Too bad the Starbucks were broken up due to no charging and/or delays. The staff is very pleasant and helpful.Staff have been extremely helpful throughout our stay and we hope to return with additional rooms. In Chicago!
We arrived on Saturday night and were hooked on the beautiful view of the Chicago River and the beautiful city skyline.The staff was efficient, professional, and very helpful.We had one reservation to make and were thrilled with the treatment from their transportation staff. But if you are traveling to Chicago with two of your kids, then it's a mistake to travel with one of their 3.I highly recommend the Roosevelt Room Service. The view is beautiful and convenient, free Internet, a rooftop deck overlooking the lake, all is free and in the open. It is available very early, 3 pm, and everything is provided at the rate of five a night.Unfortunately, our reservation was cancelled due to high rates at other hotels. Not only did we not receive a sufficient rate, but the hotel staff never mentioned refunding the entire hotel's $50 per night charge. In the event of this being the case, we still find ourselves in a bitter tax foreclosure battle. I can't recommend this hotel
Our previous visit to the Amity Valley Hotel was the most memorable one, as I remember driving up the street where we are staying. My heart goes out to all the staff at the Amity Valley Hotel and to our friends and loved ones at the Marriott. I learned a great deal on Yelp and book the hotel. They are friendly, friendly and customer service is top notch. I would rate the hotel as a 4-star, and most people (myself included) would recommend it for a good number of reasons. I went to the Indigo for a weekend and ate at the hotels most of the time, due to an hour of free parking we paid for in the Plaza, but I still wouldn't rate the Indigo for being much lower than other hotel in downtown Chicago. I've never stayed here in downtown Chicago. The staff is gentle and clean. It's fun, interesting, trendy, no matter where you are.The bathrooms aren't designed to accommodate full sized girls. I did get stuck at one side. I went up to a divider to shower but there was nothing for me to shower under in the divider. I don't remember the way the water was draining.The bathroom is probably the best room I've stayed at recently. It has an exceptional view of lake Michigan, ocean and mountains, the wood flooring is truly stunning, and there is a secluded wing overlooking the bridge which is conveniently located in the center of the room.I like the softwood floors and rather exposed balconies, and the room is gorgeous on a hot summer's day. For those that are keeping score, go for the spa and lovely local artisans that decorate the rooms. The breakfast options are in the
I got my first experience with Pan Am at The Diamond in 2010 at the Ritz Carlton in Chicago. I stayed here every Sunday of the week. The location was nice, but I really didn't expect much from this hotel.I had an easy 3 month stay in the Front Desk and then I noticed when I exited the room, they would show a short notice as if they were running a turn around tour.I checked in and, before we even got on the bus, a group of other cab driver, who seemed like he didn't understand my situation, didn't follow us very far, and the agent came by in our room several times to help get us out.As I asked for help to get us off the bus, the cab driver escorted me to a checkout line near the front desk for someone to send me money ($12 for a 15 minute ride). I had my cell phone in my pocket and now I need $4 or $7 for 10 minutes out of Chicago. They don't even allow you an account in their phones. When I finally got to the front desk where the agent had picked me up, they offered the lamer explanation that the hotel is very large.I was angry and angry until they told me that the above was the explanation. I only wanted to stay at the Diamond because they have more than enough room and should let me keep the Diamond to get some more money. I'm on hold until I get home from work and then can only go to a tiny room. I'll check in once I'm back in Chicago and try again. I stayed at the Diamond because they don't have a small room that looks right and nice. The service was in every direction from slow to walkie talkies getting on the train, traffic lights, cell phones and letting you make calls. If I wanted to use that crappy room I could just charge
This is absolutely worst hotel. The rating seem like they are being faked by people who work there. It's a good location but not worth the work it needs. Real photos are on the facebook page Tremont Hotel Chicago- Worst place to stay. Look at recent photos from my stay here: https://picasaweb.google... I should make a huge post about my experience. This place is kind of like having a haunted house, you need to be alert when you go there. The location of this place puts you directly in the travel, wake up the next morning, go shopping, that's just it. But I like my stay here. It's okay if the room was clean but it gets so dark and pretty it's scary. Also, there are nice terraces on either side of the street so I don't have any issues with it. But I stay here for a night, just go stay at an authorized hotel for your next party and this place is not worth the money. Too bad all the suites are cheap.
Hey guys, like a lot of my guests, I don't have any money to spend but will happily spend all of the rest of my free time on Traveling Useless. My expectation is that we will be staying here again, maybe for a little bit of fun. Thank you so much for your help.Nice work..Anthony  [or Patrick the hotel driver at the front desk, with a 6 star rating]- NoGi 1.8 (2012)   Great hotel with great views of Lake Michigan...and good vibe so I really liked it.- NoGi 1.6 (2011)  It was terrible too, horrible situation. Every time I went to the bathroom  I felt like I was in a douchebag, or a really silly room- Literally the rooms were banging but also nothing at all* Someone else brought up the lobby, they complained to my room manager. He told me that no one was going to take a shower, it would just be a problem that he was left with.- NoGi 1.5 (2010)  Oh yeah, I've been very disappointed since I joined this hotel..reached for the very first time..again it was so pathetic. I had to see my boss and immediately ask him to clean the room to my 2 week old son. He obviously said it wasn't a problem....no longer trying to help me, this whole situation was causing alot of rants and complaints..I have to admit..the great view from the TV. Got to leave one of my great friends for that one too. So far...I highly recommend this hotel. Pick up a hotel, get out of this place!     Free View in iTunes
This is absolutely worst hotel. The rating seem like they are being faked by people who work there. It's a good location but not worth the work it needs. Real photos are on the facebook page Tremont Hotel Chicago- Worst place to stay. Look at recent photos from my stay here: https://picasaweb.google... https://picazoom.com/... The light was dim and for any reason a few times I couldn't use my shower. Also, the showerhead is down and these front desk workers can't look up your shower curtain! The wait staff must be lazy! If you try to get up to 2 times a night, the lobby doesn't even close... The staff is lazy too. In case you missed it, this $200 bed gets you about 5 mins for someone to be forced to sleep in. In the corner of the lobby there's a recent oil painting and in front of it are 2 LED bulbs. I was very impressed when I opened it and was directed to the front desk just to pay attention to what I was looking at. This is not the same hotel with the same decor... I am not sure if this is a factor or not. People who work there should be hired out immediately!
We got married today. One night on June 30th we decided to try out new life and spent the day at the Crowne Plaza Hotel and Spa. I love the feeling of being able to settle down and sleep in, which has definitely helped my state of being a person. Being a business person (and not just the city dweller) I had to deal with some rude people at some point because I was there, something about the beaming paint, and the pool furniture looking comfortable. The room itself was gorgeous and the bathroom was breathtaking. I am also a car sized car head!  The staff was extremely friendly and had one non-sex friendly comment when we were leaving. The Lobby is the perfect place to go to during vacation after getting out of town for the weekend. As far as restaurants go, they also have guest room for our steak dinner at the Richmond Dr. I am not a big fan of concierge locations but they have something for everyone who's looking for a great view over the Michigan River. We enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Grand Spa from the first day on. The best part of being here is that there is an elevator service, available from the lobby! Oh and although this is
I'm sitting in my room as I type this, right next to the elevator, which has been going non-stop.  Of course, when I came into the room, the fan was on full time, so I didn't realize it until I turned the fan off.  $300/night, I get to hear the elevator running all night.  Can't switch rooms as they're booked full, and won't be able to move us until tomorrow.  Freaking brilliant.The room itself is dated.  Average size, but nothing like the other Westins I've stayed at.  The lake view is obstructed quite well by another building, so even on the top floor, it's kind of a letdown.  Don't get your hopes up.   To top it off, when I checked in, their system was down and the line was 50 deep.  Not exactly a pleasant way to start the weekend, and it's seemingly getting steadily worse.I hope to be able to update this review at a later date with something positive, but as for now, this is a rather gut-wrenching experience from a hotel chain I was once quite fond of.EDIT.  Got worse.  So after my guests arrived and an extremely confusing discussion with the front desk and valet, we were informed that self-park and valet were two completely different things owned by different companies.  Which would have been fine, but by the time we learned this, there were cars backed behind us and we had virtually no option but to pay the $57/night valet.  Further, I was told I'd get a better room the second night, and after calling to confirm in the morning, was informed that there was no other room available.  So, yet another strike against them.  We opt to grin and bear it.  Finally, get back to the hotel later that night, and decide to shower - when dar
I'm sitting in my room as I type this, right next to the elevator, which has been going non-stop.  Of course, when I came into the room, the fan was on full time, so I didn't realize it until I turned the fan off.  $300/night, I get to hear the elevator running all night.  Can't switch rooms as they're booked full, and won't be able to move us until tomorrow.  Freaking brilliant.The room itself is dated.  Average size, but nothing like the other Westins I've stayed at.  The lake view is obstructed quite well by another building, so even on the top floor, it's kind of a letdown.  Don't get your hopes up.   To top it off, when I checked in, their system was down and the line was 50 deep.  Not exactly a pleasant way to start the weekend, and it's seemingly getting steadily worse.I hope to be able to update this review at a later date with something positive, but as for now, this is a rather gut-wrenching experience from a hotel chain I was once quite fond of.EDIT.  Got worse.  So after my guests arrived and an extremely confusing discussion with the front desk and valet, we were informed that self-park and valet were two completely different things owned by different companies.  Which would have been fine, but by the time we learned this, there were cars backed behind us and we had virtually no option but to pay the $57/night valet.  Further, I was told I'd get a better room the second night, and after calling to confirm in the morning, was informed that there was no other room available.  So, yet another strike against them.  We opt to grin and bear it.  Finally, get back to the hotel later that night, and decide to shower - when dar
I'm sitting in my room as I type this, right next to the elevator, which has been going non-stop.  Of course, when I came into the room, the fan was on full time, so I didn't realize it until I turned the fan off.  $300/night, I get to hear the elevator running all night.  Can't switch rooms as they're booked full, and won't be able to move us until tomorrow.  Freaking brilliant.The room itself is dated.  Average size, but nothing like the other Westins I've stayed at.  The lake view is obstructed quite well by another building, so even on the top floor, it's kind of a letdown.  Don't get your hopes up.   To top it off, when I checked in, their system was down and the line was 50 deep.  Not exactly a pleasant way to start the weekend, and it's seemingly getting steadily worse.I hope to be able to update this review at a later date with something positive, but as for now, this is a rather gut-wrenching experience from a hotel chain I was once quite fond of.EDIT.  Got worse.  So after my guests arrived and an extremely confusing discussion with the front desk and valet, we were informed that self-park and valet were two completely different things owned by different companies.  Which would have been fine, but by the time we learned this, there were cars backed behind us and we had virtually no option but to pay the $57/night valet.  Further, I was told I'd get a better room the second night, and after calling to confirm in the morning, was informed that there was no other room available.  So, yet another strike against them.  We opt to grin and bear it.  Finally, get back to the hotel later that night, and decide to shower - when dar
I'm sitting in my room as I type this, right next to the elevator, which has been going non-stop.  Of course, when I came into the room, the fan was on full time, so I didn't realize it until I turned the fan off.  $300/night, I get to hear the elevator running all night.  Can't switch rooms as they're booked full, and won't be able to move us until tomorrow.  Freaking brilliant.The room itself is dated.  Average size, but nothing like the other Westins I've stayed at.  The lake view is obstructed quite well by another building, so even on the top floor, it's kind of a letdown.  Don't get your hopes up.   To top it off, when I checked in, their system was down and the line was 50 deep.  Not exactly a pleasant way to start the weekend, and it's seemingly getting steadily worse.I hope to be able to update this review at a later date with something positive, but as for now, this is a rather gut-wrenching experience from a hotel chain I was once quite fond of.EDIT.  Got worse.  So after my guests arrived and an extremely confusing discussion with the front desk and valet, we were informed that self-park and valet were two completely different things owned by different companies.  Which would have been fine, but by the time we learned this, there were cars backed behind us and we had virtually no option but to pay the $57/night valet.  Further, I was told I'd get a better room the second night, and after calling to confirm in the morning, was informed that there was no other room available.  So, yet another strike against them.  We opt to grin and bear it.  Finally, get back to the hotel later that night, and decide to shower - when dar
I don't know why you would have your wedding reception at any other Chicago location!  The value was incredible.  We were treated like rock stars all night....from April (You rock, April) taking care of us during the reception to the amazing comped bridal suite and parents' rooms. The view is breathtaking (we didn't need to spend any money decorating the room because the view takes care of it all)  The food is very good.  I thought the prime rib was a tad peppery but the guests I talked to thought it was delicious.Many of our guests said it was the best wedding they have ever been too (see my other reviews - Toast and Jam DJ, Alliance Bakery, and Peter Coombs Photography) and HICMP had a lot to do with it.Barbara Martin, the event planner, was so cool and helpful during the planning process.  She exudes calm and confidence.  We didn't need to worry about a thing because she had it all covered.  I can't say enough nice things about Barbara.The only drawback....and it is easily fixed if you "deal" with it ahead of time is getting out of town guests, who are driving, to the hotel.  Our guests who were using a GPS to navigate to the hotel were directed in circles.  I got the word out with acutal driving instructions and that did the trick.  (so funny that out of town guests have no clue what the Merchandise Mart is or where the Sun Times building is).***There is also no state winery in Chicago.  I have no choice but to go to the Downers Grove or the Hollywood with the rollicking hentai or to the best ripjaws and go around D.C. before the clouded ball bounces.  But this is probably a while ago....probably.I'm sure most of my friends and
I don't know why you would have your wedding reception at any other Chicago location!  The value was incredible.  We were treated like rock stars all night....from April (You rock, April) taking care of us during the reception to the amazing comped bridal suite and parents' rooms. The view is breathtaking (we didn't need to spend any money decorating the room because the view takes care of it all)  The food is very good.  I thought the prime rib was a tad peppery but the guests I talked to thought it was delicious.Many of our guests said it was the best wedding they have ever been too (see my other reviews - Toast and Jam DJ, Alliance Bakery, and Peter Coombs Photography) and HICMP had a lot to do with it.Barbara Martin, the event planner, was so cool and helpful during the planning process.  She exudes calm and confidence.  We didn't need to worry about a thing because she had it all covered.  I can't say enough nice things about Barbara.The only drawback....and it is easily fixed if you "deal" with it ahead of time is getting out of town guests, who are driving, to the hotel.  Our guests who were using a GPS to navigate to the hotel were directed in circles.  I got the word out with acutal driving instructions and that did the trick.  (so funny that out of town guests have no clue what the Merchandise Mart is or where the Sun Times building is).Overall, we will definitely recommend this place.
I don't know why you would have your wedding reception at any other Chicago location!  The value was incredible.  We were treated like rock stars all night....from April (You rock, April) taking care of us during the reception to the amazing comped bridal suite and parents' rooms. The view is breathtaking (we didn't need to spend any money decorating the room because the view takes care of it all)  The food is very good.  I thought the prime rib was a tad peppery but the guests I talked to thought it was delicious.Many of our guests said it was the best wedding they have ever been too (see my other reviews - Toast and Jam DJ, Alliance Bakery, and Peter Coombs Photography) and HICMP had a lot to do with it.Barbara Martin, the event planner, was so cool and helpful during the planning process.  She exudes calm and confidence.  We didn't need to worry about a thing because she had it all covered.  I can't say enough nice things about Barbara.The only drawback....and it is easily fixed if you "deal" with it ahead of time is getting out of town guests, who are driving, to the hotel.  Our guests who were using a GPS to navigate to the hotel were directed in circles.  I got the word out with acutal driving instructions and that did the trick.  (so funny that out of town guests have no clue what the Merchandise Mart is or where the Sun Times building is).  I had to go back a few times after this trip to pick up location where the baggage didn't fit me and an additional 26 people were driving the wrong way. We will need the third party car service from Florida.We had the lovely accommodations at Pier 14 and kept the boat out.  Everyone at n
I don't know why you would have your wedding reception at any other Chicago location!  The value was incredible.  We were treated like rock stars all night....from April (You rock, April) taking care of us during the reception to the amazing comped bridal suite and parents' rooms. The view is breathtaking (we didn't need to spend any money decorating the room because the view takes care of it all)  The food is very good.  I thought the prime rib was a tad peppery but the guests I talked to thought it was delicious.Many of our guests said it was the best wedding they have ever been too (see my other reviews - Toast and Jam DJ, Alliance Bakery, and Peter Coombs Photography) and HICMP had a lot to do with it.Barbara Martin, the event planner, was so cool and helpful during the planning process.  She exudes calm and confidence.  We didn't need to worry about a thing because she had it all covered.  I can't say enough nice things about Barbara.The only drawback....and it is easily fixed if you "deal" with it ahead of time is getting out of town guests, who are driving, to the hotel.  Our guests who were using a GPS to navigate to the hotel were directed in circles.  I got the word out with acutal driving instructions and that did the trick.  (so funny that out of town guests have no clue what the Merchandise Mart is or where the Sun Times building is).  The front desk loved us!  The hotel is spacious and absolutely gorgeous!What are some suggestions you might have that could help our hotel stay better?If you are staying anywhere else in the world or ever have a reservation, make sure to follow us on social media or enjoy our cocktail ho
WON'T BE BACK!Booked this special trip through Priceline and it turned into a very bad joke! When we got to our room we opened the door to what we believed to be a closet, we could barely turn ourselves around in it. Our great view was all of the boilers and air conditioner equipment. Internet connection was barely there "that is if you could even stay connected". I'm wondering where the rooms we see in the pictures for this hotel are because what they try to sell you in the picture is not what you get when you check in. So much for thinking this was going to be a special place to stay. Just my experience people but stay away from room 511. Check out other rooms at this place!
Room was expensive (very expensive, sure), and the service was slow, but extremely annoying. I should say, because that's the name of the game. Rooms have a hard time getting free seats if you are paying for them without even going through an authorized guest service, which is why you must know how to go to the car door or bring your phone in order to pass the time. Also, while I was at the store, there was a new front desk to get people to check in on me when I wanted to get a quote and not answer questions. DO NOT THE FRIEND LIE TO THE IDENTIFIER IN THE SLASH LINE. We had to get to the front desk for a couple minutes. I'm sure many of you here don't have the luxury, but there are cheap hotels out there, which makes it perfect for business people.
WON'T BE BACK!Booked this special trip through Priceline and it turned into a very bad joke! When we got to our room we opened the door to what we believed to be a closet, we could barely turn ourselves around in it. Our great view was all of the boilers and air conditioner equipment. Internet connection was barely there "that is if you could even stay connected". I'm wondering where the rooms we see in the pictures for this hotel are because what they try to sell you in the picture is not what you get when you check in. So much for thinking this was going to be a special place to stay. Just my experience people but stay away from room 511.If anyone should experience this toaster I would be happy to discuss it with you.
The room was nice and clean, but I can't say enough good things about the staff. They are awesome, the service is very professional, and there are reasonable rates (e.g., hotel room charges of $7 or $9 per day). However, I'm going to leave this review as was, and avoid talking about the noise levels here.
WON'T BE BACK!Booked this special trip through Priceline and it turned into a very bad joke! When we got to our room we opened the door to what we believed to be a closet, we could barely turn ourselves around in it. Our great view was all of the boilers and air conditioner equipment. Internet connection was barely there "that is if you could even stay connected". I'm wondering where the rooms we see in the pictures for this hotel are because what they try to sell you in the picture is not what you get when you check in. So much for thinking this was going to be a special place to stay. Just my experience people but stay away from room 511. There are so many more.
Was this review helpful to you? Yes No Thanks for the great advice. The family has a great location, great hotel and it is simply beautiful. I booked a room a month prior, but they charged me a high rate for a certain number of rooms because the employee who provides that internet contract I work for not picking me up at the airport on a regular basis. I decided to upgrade the room and get it again, but the first reception was fine. The hotel staff, excellent location, nice service. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone else.
WON'T BE BACK!Booked this special trip through Priceline and it turned into a very bad joke! When we got to our room we opened the door to what we believed to be a closet, we could barely turn ourselves around in it. Our great view was all of the boilers and air conditioner equipment. Internet connection was barely there "that is if you could even stay connected". I'm wondering where the rooms we see in the pictures for this hotel are because what they try to sell you in the picture is not what you get when you check in. So much for thinking this was going to be a special place to stay. Just my experience people but stay away from room 511.
Loved the vibe!!! Very relaxing and clean! The staff are very helpful. My sister loved the bar. Every time she took a walk on that walkway, the pool and the room seemed to work out perfectly with the lights. It was a rush, but had never felt so open. The whole city has views of the river and the lake so nothing wrong with the location, but the hotel was missing some great old-time charm to it. I also loved the breakfast buffet - huge serving bowl filled with potatoes, eggs, bacon, meats, etc..and ice cream. Excellent service and delicious flavors! It's just an hour from Michigan Avenue so it would be an hour from anywhere else! The staff was very helpful on business calls (there were 3 right next to each other after I arrived) and on holiday days. I'd highly recommend this one to anyone planning a trip to Chicago.
Nice hotel, nice staff.  My friend considered having her wedding here because they have so many different ballrooms and it is the quintessential Chicago hotel (and has lake views).  The staff was friendly, especially the sales/banquet team and a woman by the name of Carolyn or something...can't recall.  There is also a Chanel in the hotel...score!  All in all, my stay at the Pink Palace was worth it!
Great location and good breakfast.  Walking distance from the airport was nice as well.  I heard the hotel is closed so I stayed at a hotel in Chicago (which is basically outside of town) but feel free to travel there.   At first I was completely bummed I didn't hear a word of the closed hotel, but now I have to talk to someone about it every time I'm in Chicago (hopefully no one will complain if I did).The W and G shuttle service is WAY overpriced for a hotel with multiple bus lines. There was not even an open coupler across the street or in front of a coffee shop which is a REAL THING!They even treated the service a little differently and gave my taxi driver a try. I bet it was a small improvement over the burbs near the hotel or closer to the dorms.  I would stay at this hotel again and I would go back.
Nice hotel, nice staff.  My friend considered having her wedding here because they have so many different ballrooms and it is the quintessential Chicago hotel (and has lake views).  The staff was friendly, especially the sales/banquet team and a woman by the name of Carolyn or something...can't recall.  There is also a Chanel in the hotel...score!The hotel itself is very clean and most rooms have good insulation in the walls, which could give off a nice, unhygienic odor.  The rooms are quite small because of this, and if you travel outside, there's not much room for a mat.  The lobby has always been a convenience for me, and if I'm going to stay here again, I recommend checking out a Marriott instead...
Stayed here for a wedding event this weekend. I knew there were a lot of people out there and I went from mild inconvenience to great experience. The room was spacious, had nice hall furniture and a large lake view.  The wedding started with a wonderful reception, but it turned into a terrible nightmare when things went wrong. I went to get a panda, eggplant cake, turmeric tea, salad and some wrapped presents. The staff made the breakfast awful. The room was very dingy, the kids play in the hallway, everyone is really hungry and sad. I heard people call the Holiday Inn Chicago. I was angry and wanted to be up against this rude, inadequate staff. I need to visit Holiday Inn Chicago again.
Nice hotel, nice staff.  My friend considered having her wedding here because they have so many different ballrooms and it is the quintessential Chicago hotel (and has lake views).  The staff was friendly, especially the sales/banquet team and a woman by the name of Carolyn or something...can't recall.  There is also a Chanel in the hotel...score!  Stayed in Big Bear Plaza? Sure it's worth the 1.75 mile walk, but you just might get the Chicago you could have ever dreamed of and get that gorgeous chic vibe. Would stay here again!
Okay, cool. This place definitely needs to be renovated.  I stayed here in September of 2010, when I said I was tired of busy work, shopping, movie nights (except when it was close to 2pm) and a whole host of other annoying things to do.  It was late September and the walls and ceilings were thin and the poor plumbing.  I cleaned and cared for this place a couple of times and made sure all the stuffs were covered in all sorts of care and service I could find in the room, a well-appointed bathroom, and a rather messy laundry room.  This place was just awful.  Some of the bathrooms were dirty and had a problem going in the shower and all the rest was pretty much OK (look at the shower heads).  If you will, I'll stay elsewhere.
I returned to Chicago recently for the 5th time to add coffee to my coffee. The location was amazing (lovely) but the drinks did not make a difference. The service in place was nice but they failed to tell me that the table was standing next to the table while I waited for the coffee to arrive. I don't really care much about coffee or the menu, just pay your waitress to check on you and check out at the hotel. The girls tend to pass out orders that I don't know my final order or whether the bakery is open. I left the entire place without paying for my coffee. If you are a waitress at these guys you MUST HAVE ME VISIT THE STORE. I will NOT RECOMMEND ANY more barbecues, you have been warned and don't put it up if they can't watch your beverages!
Two things that bothered me about this place. First, the proximity of them to Tim Hortons shopping centers makes my drink seem extra weird. I like Starbucks. Which is way
Nice hotel, nice staff.  My friend considered having her wedding here because they have so many different ballrooms and it is the quintessential Chicago hotel (and has lake views).  The staff was friendly, especially the sales/banquet team and a woman by the name of Carolyn or something...can't recall.  There is also a Chanel in the hotel...score!
I'm not really into the W-thing.  I've stayed in some W's in the past that didn't pass muster, so I wasn't expecting much and ended up being pleasantly surprised.  I prefer classy older hotels over urban hip establishments.  But, having said that, I actually enjoyed my recent stay here while attending a medical convention.  Overall, this hotel suited my needs as a business traveller.  I was greeted very warmly by the receptionist upon check in.  The lobby was contemporary/ minimalist, but beautifully decorated with flowers and candles that made a good first impression.  I found my room to be pretty standard business class, but the bed was extremely comfortable with thick down pillows and eqyptian cotton sheets.  The room had a full mini-bar, an LG flat screen TV, DVD player (hotel had a nice video library that I did not sample), an IPod docking station, nice bath robe, bliss bath toilettries, and 24-hr room service.  As a single traveller, I did not mind the window with shutters that opened to the bedroom from the bath.  I actually liked to have the shutters open so that I could watch TV from the bathroom while brushing my teeth in the morning.   The elevator ride down to the lobby was usually awkward in the morning, as strangers in business attire crammed in next to me in this dimly lit minidisco with piped in sexy disco musak. The entire lobby turned into a night club on most evenings during my stay.  It was a lively scene, and I found that my colleagues were all eager to participate.  We tried the restaurant "Wave" for lunch and dinner and I would highly recommend it.  I sampled many of the dishes from the tapas-style menu and t
I'm not really into the W-thing.  I've stayed in some W's in the past that didn't pass muster, so I wasn't expecting much and ended up being pleasantly surprised.  I prefer classy older hotels over urban hip establishments.  But, having said that, I actually enjoyed my recent stay here while attending a medical convention.  Overall, this hotel suited my needs as a business traveller.  I was greeted very warmly by the receptionist upon check in.  The lobby was contemporary/ minimalist, but beautifully decorated with flowers and candles that made a good first impression.  I found my room to be pretty standard business class, but the bed was extremely comfortable with thick down pillows and eqyptian cotton sheets.  The room had a full mini-bar, an LG flat screen TV, DVD player (hotel had a nice video library that I did not sample), an IPod docking station, nice bath robe, bliss bath toilettries, and 24-hr room service.  As a single traveller, I did not mind the window with shutters that opened to the bedroom from the bath.  I actually liked to have the shutters open so that I could watch TV from the bathroom while brushing my teeth in the morning.   The elevator ride down to the lobby was usually awkward in the morning, as strangers in business attire crammed in next to me in this dimly lit minidisco with piped in sexy disco musak. The entire lobby turned into a night club on most evenings during my stay.  It was a lively scene, and I found that my colleagues were all eager to participate.  We tried the restaurant "Wave" for lunch and dinner and I would highly recommend it.  I sampled many of the dishes from the tapas-style menu and t
I'm not really into the W-thing.  I've stayed in some W's in the past that didn't pass muster, so I wasn't expecting much and ended up being pleasantly surprised.  I prefer classy older hotels over urban hip establishments.  But, having said that, I actually enjoyed my recent stay here while attending a medical convention.  Overall, this hotel suited my needs as a business traveller.  I was greeted very warmly by the receptionist upon check in.  The lobby was contemporary/ minimalist, but beautifully decorated with flowers and candles that made a good first impression.  I found my room to be pretty standard business class, but the bed was extremely comfortable with thick down pillows and eqyptian cotton sheets.  The room had a full mini-bar, an LG flat screen TV, DVD player (hotel had a nice video library that I did not sample), an IPod docking station, nice bath robe, bliss bath toilettries, and 24-hr room service.  As a single traveller, I did not mind the window with shutters that opened to the bedroom from the bath.  I actually liked to have the shutters open so that I could watch TV from the bathroom while brushing my teeth in the morning.   The elevator ride down to the lobby was usually awkward in the morning, as strangers in business attire crammed in next to me in this dimly lit minidisco with piped in sexy disco musak. The entire lobby turned into a night club on most evenings during my stay.  It was a lively scene, and I found that my colleagues were all eager to participate.  We tried the restaurant "Wave" for lunch and dinner and I would highly recommend it.  I sampled many of the dishes from the tapas-style menu and t
I'm not really into the W-thing.  I've stayed in some W's in the past that didn't pass muster, so I wasn't expecting much and ended up being pleasantly surprised.  I prefer classy older hotels over urban hip establishments.  But, having said that, I actually enjoyed my recent stay here while attending a medical convention.  Overall, this hotel suited my needs as a business traveller.  I was greeted very warmly by the receptionist upon check in.  The lobby was contemporary/ minimalist, but beautifully decorated with flowers and candles that made a good first impression.  I found my room to be pretty standard business class, but the bed was extremely comfortable with thick down pillows and eqyptian cotton sheets.  The room had a full mini-bar, an LG flat screen TV, DVD player (hotel had a nice video library that I did not sample), an IPod docking station, nice bath robe, bliss bath toilettries, and 24-hr room service.  As a single traveller, I did not mind the window with shutters that opened to the bedroom from the bath.  I actually liked to have the shutters open so that I could watch TV from the bathroom while brushing my teeth in the morning.   The elevator ride down to the lobby was usually awkward in the morning, as strangers in business attire crammed in next to me in this dimly lit minidisco with piped in sexy disco musak. The entire lobby turned into a night club on most evenings during my stay.  It was a lively scene, and I found that my colleagues were all eager to participate.  We tried the restaurant "Wave" for lunch and dinner and I would highly recommend it.  I sampled many of the dishes from the tapas-style menu and t
The W suite is pretty sleek and stylish. So with my girlfriends free group (it's probably, but in some other cities they might be. To reserve a room for a friend: call. They give you access to a car, it's free, etc. but the hotel staff should be
I don't care what anybody else says, this Hotel sucks. 117.00 for room and 36.00 for parking (which they will lie and tell you no other parking is available). I found clothing left by a previous guest under the bed. You had to flush the toliet 3-4 times before it finally had enough power to flush. Hair was on the toliet seat and in the tub. I had to use stck a washcloth in the bathtub hole to keep my bath water from draining because there was no bathtub stopper. The flatscreen T.V remote control had a missing poweron/off button. The volue and channel buttons were confused. The walls are so thin that I heard every word of the guys next door.. When I called to complain, they told me that it was the only room left. What a ripoff. I found out later there is parking down the street that's so much cheaper, bu they siad it wasn't anywhere else to park. The housekeeprs are lazy, rude, and the front desk agents were rude, unprofessional, mean, and I must also add GHETTO!!!! I will NEVER stay at another red roof, more less this one!!!!! There service sucks! I asked what I could get in the cab, they told me that it was a flat rate, that's why they had to make you pay $300 for a 3 day pass. The cab was so expensive, the front desk guy ran the counter with scruples about "no service" then after just a few seconds, went on to fix it for $300 a night. Oh.. ugh! This hotel feels dirty so waste my money.
My go to hotel for anything expensive. The staff are top notch. If you plan on coming to the August and September Gigantic retreat then this is for you.  The bathroom suite was great. The  restaurant in the hotel is wonderful but that doesn't mean there aren't some great views, it's just the downtown area and the creative shops all around. You have the public transportation but you pay for the Internet on-site. If you are visiting here for a weekend or two with friends you can get it at the Downtown Center. Parking is nice. The building is small and in the neighborhood of 2 things. The baggage pickup station is only 2 stories up on the hill. Yes I said that but not in a trendy place. The city station is
I don't care what anybody else says, this Hotel sucks. 117.00 for room and 36.00 for parking (which they will lie and tell you no other parking is available). I found clothing left by a previous guest under the bed. You had to flush the toliet 3-4 times before it finally had enough power to flush. Hair was on the toliet seat and in the tub. I had to use stck a washcloth in the bathtub hole to keep my bath water from draining because there was no bathtub stopper. The flatscreen T.V remote control had a missing poweron/off button. The volue and channel buttons were confused. The walls are so thin that I heard every word of the guys next door.. When I called to complain, they told me that it was the only room left. What a ripoff. I found out later there is parking down the street that's so much cheaper, bu they siad it wasn't anywhere else to park. The housekeeprs are lazy, rude, and the front desk agents were rude, unprofessional, mean, and I must also add GHETTO!!!! I will NEVER stay at another red roof, more less this one!!!!! There service sucks!Would not return.
I don't care what anybody else says, this Hotel sucks. 117.00 for room and 36.00 for parking (which they will lie and tell you no other parking is available). I found clothing left by a previous guest under the bed. You had to flush the toliet 3-4 times before it finally had enough power to flush. Hair was on the toliet seat and in the tub. I had to use stck a washcloth in the bathtub hole to keep my bath water from draining because there was no bathtub stopper. The flatscreen T.V remote control had a missing poweron/off button. The volue and channel buttons were confused. The walls are so thin that I heard every word of the guys next door.. When I called to complain, they told me that it was the only room left. What a ripoff. I found out later there is parking down the street that's so much cheaper, bu they siad it wasn't anywhere else to park. The housekeeprs are lazy, rude, and the front desk agents were rude, unprofessional, mean, and I must also add GHETTO!!!! I will NEVER stay at another red roof, more less this one!!!!! There service sucks! I recommend the Diment L Hotel!
Great hotel in Michigan.  I've stayed here a couple times and they have been working on this place for awhile.  In Chicago, the greatest part about this hotel is the Tower Concierge. It is close to 18th street and has great views of the city.  But it's not huge and will cost you more than $300 a night. This place has great areas, but when you go to the inn, the view of Chicago is spectacular. The restaurant and great lobby are just a few blocks away.  Everyone was in excellent spirits and were there to help us enjoy the afternoon! We will go back to Chicago on Friday and meet some new people I know.
I don't care what anybody else says, this Hotel sucks. 117.00 for room and 36.00 for parking (which they will lie and tell you no other parking is available). I found clothing left by a previous guest under the bed. You had to flush the toliet 3-4 times before it finally had enough power to flush. Hair was on the toliet seat and in the tub. I had to use stck a washcloth in the bathtub hole to keep my bath water from draining because there was no bathtub stopper. The flatscreen T.V remote control had a missing poweron/off button. The volue and channel buttons were confused. The walls are so thin that I heard every word of the guys next door.. When I called to complain, they told me that it was the only room left. What a ripoff. I found out later there is parking down the street that's so much cheaper, bu they siad it wasn't anywhere else to park. The housekeeprs are lazy, rude, and the front desk agents were rude, unprofessional, mean, and I must also add GHETTO!!!! I will NEVER stay at another red roof, more less this one!!!!! There service sucks! It's so crowded it sucks! It feels like some sort of fighting club. I would recommend staying at the Sierras!
This is a luxury hotel, with a very modern structure, one of the most luxurious ones I have ever seen.The rooms are great because the room is large. The bed is comfortable, the wooden floor is well appointed, the bed is nice and firm (and spandexy).The elevators at the top of the lobby are like old pumpkins and the roof had a crisp breeze. The clubroom was huge. I went on a weekend trip to San Francisco and the view was impressive, no disappointment to the yuppie people in attendance.We have gotten a great deal for this hotel so don't go if you're in a rush. From what I can gather, the room itself is very clean, completely new, the decor is beautiful, the doors are wrapped in soot, everything in good condition, the coffee maker, clothes items in great demand is at the bar! From the breakfast part, I had high hopes for breakfast. I will definitely stay here again, and will definitely stay here again if possible.
Did I mention the New York hotel was beautiful? The person at the front desk said their people never get vacationed in Chicago. People usually run a luxury hotel system at hotels to have a cool room, but in New York they're trying to do just that. The best part about the Hotel New York is the modern lobby and the room is always perfect. Bathroom really is the way to go. Great in the dining room, dinner is excellent
We stayed at The O'Connell Hotel & Spa in a very convenient location in the heart of Chicago, and it is obviously out of reach for the age group that could afford that suite, but there is a lot to see, do, and enjoy. The room was clean and comfy.  Nice writing on the walls.  The ceilings are 2 1/2" high, and the furniture is natural to walk across.  We had not been to hotel, hotel, boutique, etc in the 50s, so this is definitely worth a try if you are into free running drinks. I'd rate the room $16 a night..  Lovely accommodations on the right.  If it wasn't for the decent rate of motel rooms, I would rate it a F instead of a B.
Great location at a reasonable price.  As other reviews have mentioned, the rooms aren't large, but there was enough room for two, the beds were comfortable, the rooms were clean, and the staff was friendly and helpful.  Of course, since I'm an old school fan of fan fiction (especially since, well, the younger fan stuff and in that sense they're all amazing), I'll be making plans to stay somewhere else once we've figured out how to add some snazzy to our already extensive inventory.
We got a fantastic hotel in the city. We were expecting a lot. We came in from out of town, and it was beautiful and clean. Most hotel rooms have a wall-to-wall service that completely blocks all roads and can sometimes get hung up on by cars. Due to the fact that the location was nice, and was close to all of the King Met Parking in downtown (and another nearby location), and because the hotel and the staff were extremely helpful throughout all the rush hour, we stayed on a budget. The majority of the rooms have a little pool (which, you will hear from many of the staff on staff, and will surely hear from many of the valets on the business end) and we ate the huge french fries and yummy cantaloupe breakfast! The bath was great and there was free soap on the guests' creams, but  little did we expect from a hotel that has no TV or closet. Oh and if you need water, the room is HUGE so if you don't want to have it poured in the sink, can get it in there right away (pushed out of your window!). I have a guest bathroom, but I didn't use it because the hallway itself was VERY awkward and I did go down the street to the Allegro Park, and there was no help, so staying there was not an option. We were specifically asked to leave, because we weren't an overnight stay, but they told us to "move around." We stayed in the front row of the hotel for about an hour and the front desk is a good 10+ mins late.  This meant that we hadn't had some time to shower and clean, so we were late to our appointments. When we finally finished doing the shower, the front desk put us in an emergency room and then informed us that the front desk was late due to w
Had all the basics but don't expect anything amazing. If your looking for a clean hotel to sleep in and rest your bones this one does a great job at doing JUST that.If you want room service, movies, robes, room deliveries, fork over some more cash for another hotel. Best western gets the basic job done for about 50 bucks per night. My best guess is 20 bucks per night or something about that.I would be extremely disappointed if I stayed in Chicago over all for the Music City plan but this is an affordable hotel with nice rooms.If you are looking to stay in a nicer hotel you could certainly use some extra cash. I rate this a 6 star because its a 1 star hotel, room service, catering and food for a fraction of what you would have received in this downtown Chicago dream.
Had nothing bad to say about this hotel. The decor is old and outdated but it looks amazing in a contemporary setting. The elevator looks great in the rooms. We stayed at the Embassy on the south side of Chicago for our wedding. I love that it has long walkways so we could get to the city without leaving the train. Had breakfast at the Embassy and thought I'd like to be able to board a train again so we went there, but only to receive my usual menu. It was called a the Cajun Delight food truck and the food, including parmesan cheese, was excellent. Staff were friendly, attentive and service was excellent. The Room was nice but quiet and there were no noisy rooms. The Room was free wi-fi, microwave, fridge and coffee maker all that needed servicing. Everything was priced accordingly, however all was great from the bar to restaurants and drinks.
My parents booked a room at the #12 Motel W Chicago in the. I love it!  It's the same size as the East Coast suite, but the front desk gave it the nicknames of The Hotel and Room for free!  I have room in the upper level, but it doesn't have any elevators (which is really weird and needs repairs).  The rooms were VERY comfortable and definitely have a great price point.  They even have TV channels on every television.  I was impressed at the food they have!
We just stayed at a concert at Club Amigo last night. The concert was fantastic! First, they charged us $15 for all of our drinks.  The room is small and modern, they were very accommodating and friendly and we got to see some of their bands. I guess they liked that they were younger, not more of a dance-group. The location is nice, but not a must. I stayed here for 3 nights and it seemed like a busy, touristy area.I'd definitely stay here again.  Although I'll avoid the awful people in the front desk on Mondays, the club has some pretty awesome vibe, and if you're looking for something decent, this is it.
Had all the basics but don't expect anything amazing. If your looking for a clean hotel to sleep in and rest your bones this one does a great job at doing JUST that.If you want room service, movies, robes, room deliveries, fork over some more cash for another hotel. Best western gets the basic job done and it does great work there. The business is great and everything on it is expensive so if you're getting the cash only for the quiet service. The staff is friendly and the front desk, a gentleman while I was on my way to town, took my orders. Other than that the room was clean and tidy. The large concierge that runs everything did his or her best.
My family and I were both coming back from vacation and wanted to stay here. One of the first things to say was that our room looked very nice. I found the lobby very elegant as well as the concierge was really nice. Also our suite was gorgeous and it was a great fit for the fact that it is within walking distance of the Marriott hotel. The thing I was most impressed with was the furniture. I have a husband and the oldest of us were married here in 2010. This will be my last trip in the U.S and the attention I have gotten from friends and family has been priceless. As far as savings go, I definitely could not pass up this location.
Had all the basics but don't expect anything amazing. If your looking for a clean hotel to sleep in and rest your bones this one does a great job at doing JUST that.If you want room service, movies, robes, room deliveries, fork over some more cash for another hotel. Best western gets the basic job done well. Although I'm sure they make great rooms (maybe even the S&W one in the lobby?) I've never been a fan of westerns. Despite my reservations, a shuttle bus ran me through the hotel's canteen and grocery stores and the manager told me to go check out and sleep at one of the two carts that lined the side of the block. Instead of going back for a taxi, I finally took the one that was available. The rest is history.
I don't really remember a lot but this hotel is gorgeous. All of the rooms were clean, contemporary and most definitely must go to be considered worth a look. Any and all of the staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The bathrooms are the best they've ever had and the rooms are clean, all modern and functional. They also have two floor showers and the lake has totally blown through the roof. The rooms are very close to beautiful restaurants, movies, great fitness/drinks and even have baristas sharing drinks.
The Internet is king here, for sure. I stayed at Gigapixel in the mid 90's, and it was very modern, clean, and sleek. I checked out in January of 2010, and found a lot to like. No large family, well served or average location, but modern and well-equipped internet. The parking lot was gorgeous and clean.  We stayed at Doubletree a couple years ago, and as far as other hotels go, that's the soul of Gigapixel. You have to try and crowd out the VIPs just to get out.  A few times per night, the car I called from the front desk ended up coming to my room, asking to drop me off. I told her that I loved the Gigapixel situation, and had no choice but to come back. In the coming month or so, I was unapologetic and organized. We ended up with a room for 1 night, and could not be happier. We have turned heads in major internet cities around the world, and we expect this place to continue.
I like this hotel, because they have a hotel which has great history. Now that I am married (but sometimes when guests are here the hotel gets really obnoxious and won't move my car...and we were hoping for a room) I have had enough. It is located directly above where the main lobby is. My girlfriend likes this hotel because they are so close. She works there and she used to have a small concierge in here. I live in a building that has few small restaurants and none in the Hotel / Laundry Store. I have never been disappointed with the hotel, and I can't recommend this hotel enough.
The size of this hotel is right next door to Wal-Mart.  This place is beautiful. The front desk is very attentive, very helpful and well put together.  Great location, excellent meal, a gorgeous view of the Hudson River.
Nice little hotel with lots of stuff to do.  Is a great fit for an adult's-casual-day trip. Very convenient parking.  It's quite downtown, close to downtown shopping.  Parking can be a pain in the ass, and the garage is only five minutes walk away.  We started off by walking the river which has never been used before.  There was a couple cars out front which did it to us for us.  It was a hassle.  Got off at 2:45 and used the most annoying option of parking.  Don't walk the river because
At these Starbucks  here are some swipes for the youth: Starbucks  really nice, but I like Starbucks  because I felt safe with it and with a Starbucks  social.  The rooms are nice too, but not great.  I would consider staying there again, but it appears that the plan is to stay at a quieter hotel nearby.The con is that the rents (with some help from jasonsass, who was booked on $2.95 a night, which usually goes on 6th) are far beyond what we expect, as most room rate is across the board.We ended up staying for just a few nights, and couldn't have gotten to the hotel earlier. The pool, showers, and gym are already down to something reasonable, but having them not work and need to be replaced is a problem.The view is excellent.  Two great views of the coast is near the "deh," which means the staff sleeps in and a bit next to the pool.If you do find yourself in "America" and want a nice quiet lake view to watch games, the Ryerson Hilton's Amigo room is available. This room was on the 4th floor and the staff has fantastic photos of the country (showing ice caps, floating live fish in the water.)I don't think you need much; the guests seem to enjoy seeing some of the sights and sounds of the Lakeshore.  Bathroom is an improvement over the rest of the hotels at $20/night.Had a nice stay at Millennium Hotel...keep an eye on your bags and the floor sink.  Definitely worth the $20/night call! The video below was posted over a short weekend before my stay. Check it out if you
Stayed here a couple of weeks ago for a family vacation.  I ordered pizza and breakfast from Pizza Taco at the restaurant and was confused when the counter asked me if the pizza was meant for me.  When I opened the package of garlic toast on the side, it took a minute or two for the popcorn to put the taste of the garlic across the screen.  After a while the entire package smelled awful.  When I opened the side door, the popcorn wasn't getting placed.  I don't recommend staying here.
It was enjoyable and amazing! We used to hate our rooms as ugly. We are now using this space as a self dressed retreat for weekend retreats. Love it, clean room, location. Our two dogs were still in a sippy cup!
This place truly deserves the rave review it received. I stayed here one weekend and enjoyed the great lighting and view, despite the over priced costs. I got a fine tip from The Lounge for this price.  It was worth the extra $30.00 to tell them all of your reservations were filled for you and we did. I am only a few years older and one room was just small enough to have a bedroom. But for $70, the location really shows the city that valet is not a pain in the ass. It's only about a mile from the JR Tower, which isn't bad for a decent location. The elevators were noisy and loud but just the right amount of bass for the room. I love that bathroom was so close to the gym, which would've been awesome. But the staff there took it
This hotel needs to improve on the rooms at its Location (we have been doing it for six months).  It took us all four nights to get them, and we were taken for a short walk from the airport to your room.  Just out of convenience, the elevator went down a long time ago.  Its NOT worth it.  If this was a hotel near you, make sure you rent a hotel room!
I stayed for 3 months working out of town.  I thought this Hotel was great.  I spend most the year in Hotels all around the world.  This Holiday inn has great people!  Every year I come back for a cpl days and they always remember me.  They are accepting guests, friendly, funny, excited and answer any questions anyone gets in the room.  The bar will always hold up my guests' appetizers! They also have some great tasting wine and coffee.  If you are looking for a relaxing stay at the Holiday Inn, this is it!
Just wrapped up a super weekend in Chicago. Great job, nice concierge service, great hotel, great location. We all got to walk around the corner to get breakfast and drinks there and we all loved it. Ranged up decor, wifi and great prices.
I've just been looking forward to revisiting the Indianapolis Hilton. Before moving here, I had quite a pleasant stay at Hotel Carlton.  Sure, its all about Westerns, but for the price, I felt like I got a better deal.  The rooms are modern and modern, the room is in good working order. There are comfortable and modern booths, a desk at a Starbucks, and even a mini grocery store. Overall I was very impressed with Hotel Carlton's on price. I would recommend to anyone looking for the luxurious and luxurious hotels in the Midwest.  This is a company who have long stood by this hotel and the other place, so it should
We ended up at Time Luzerne a couple nights ago at midnight. Not bad at all for the price. The Room wasn't just cramped, it was also over-sized. I was to my right (which was neat) and was impressed by the signage (which was ok) and the clean and modern decor. Everything was ready in minutes. It didn't even have to be taken down and walked out of the building. Now that I'd left someone there who looked like I needed a paint job and had it done I figured I'd just give them that. Good thing the staff had not taken the error with the elevator. One would have expected it to be a negative one, but the drive home was the closest thing that I have to the real deal. I'm totally biased against the food and drinks, but we were missing the point, the wine was nice and everything you could want. Parking wasn't bad, it was a little under the snooze zone, but I would still have stayed there.
Great location, great location, great location, well done! Your room didn't disappoint. Very comfortable. They have the WIFI remote-activated coffee machine, which I thought would be in a hotel room. It worked perfect.  Thank goodness they installed the oversize LED fan and "clams" all over the walls. Perfect room. Starbucks machine is the only Starbucks-themed coffee machine in this building (in fact, the only coffee machines in this building are coffee machines by the name Winery's ). Although the front desk does a great job of diagnosing problems, there is no one of the front desk service staff assisting the customer when they complain or ask for help. The service can even be humdrum and inconsistent (though I
I use this place for business for the next 5-10 days a week. I want to stay here. I've been going there about 2 months for some hosting jobs and it has offered a great deal. The front desk is very friendly and convenient. Best prices are for a $200 room for guest and the place is always close by (even in town).
We came here early this morning after working out the room, went out to dinner and returned a few minutes later. For all of the low levels of knowledge and experience you have in this hotel, this is the perfect situation. I was moved from my parents' house on Chicago's West Side in 2010 and since then this has become a major draw for the entire city.  I'm not sure how to rate this hotel, but if you're still looking for something affordable, I would definitely stay here.
Nice hotel-extremely clean  and good size rooms and great decor (primary color in room was red).  Great location. Starbucks right next to check in desk inside the hotel. Vidalia-has a good breakfast but not included. Get a high floor-heard sirens 5 times throughout the night-we were on the 15th floor.  If you receive Marriott specials via email-don't automatically delete them! I booked a double bed for SIXTY NINE DOLLARS A NIGHT! Unheard of for downtown.  It was such a good deal, I booked 2 rooms for our family and requested they be connected to create a family suite!Everyone we talked to said nice and would never leave!!Bookers and busses are in great condition and some were transferred very quickly.  No parking or handling ever used here.Cons: Super boring Lobby is location of your choice (no access to train). Location is at the old Midway Mall and there's no BART car parking nearby. Sky deck is unappealing.The front desk assistant in the hallway is kind of a douchebag...didn't take any pics, couldn't have a group photo, did not know who was answering the phones, didn't even ask the water mains for directions.  STUPID PROFESSOR!!!! Permafrost can be getting the bad end of the stick. SAME THING EVERY TIME. Super annoying lounge chairs and very uncomfortable floor mold. WOW! Everybody we talked to said everyone felt like shit. During nights they asked about their purchases and their mothers were so honest, it was scary seeing people hanging out at bars to make your hair stand on end! The floor is so thin and dull...I'm not sure they really want to clean that up. Don't read this review if you want a hot bed.Other than that is good h
Nice hotel-extremely clean  and good size rooms and great decor (primary color in room was red).  Great location. Starbucks right next to check in desk inside the hotel. Vidalia-has a good breakfast but not included. Get a high floor-heard sirens 5 times throughout the night-we were on the 15th floor.  If you receive Marriott specials via email-don't automatically delete them! I booked a double bed for SIXTY NINE DOLLARS A NIGHT! Unheard of for downtown.  It was such a good deal, I booked 2 rooms for our family and requested they be connected to create a family suite! I loved it and stayed there once in a while - we'll be back for the weekend! Highly recommended for our summer vacation!
Nice hotel-extremely clean  and good size rooms and great decor (primary color in room was red).  Great location. Starbucks right next to check in desk inside the hotel. Vidalia-has a good breakfast but not included. Get a high floor-heard sirens 5 times throughout the night-we were on the 15th floor.  If you receive Marriott specials via email-don't automatically delete them! I booked a double bed for SIXTY NINE DOLLARS A NIGHT! Unheard of for downtown.  It was such a good deal, I booked 2 rooms for our family and requested they be connected to create a family suite!  There were 2 extra bedrooms in the room with  a clean bath!! This is one of my favorite hotels in Chicago. Great location and great prices.
Great place! I was there at two points, first time when we arrived, and third time around when we were called about 1 pm. Had no problems! Wasn't given any offers from hotel until after we said no, and we went through their internet & found a really neat shopping center with a nice priced area. We were expecting a lot more than what we got; I've seen very low hanging fruits, but maybe $20.00 was a steal for us.  The hotel's quality and service are the best thing about the downtown area, as is the shopping center that everyone wanted to visit, the free parking, excellent customer service, the local doctors! Glad I'll have to say it again, the room service is excellent, the location is pleasant, there is a cute housekeeping decor on the walls, and a lot more! But, first thing I want to tell you about was the price - just a heads up: http://cityofamerica.com/owntown/us/spot-up/Here are some
Nice hotel-extremely clean  and good size rooms and great decor (primary color in room was red).  Great location. Starbucks right next to check in desk inside the hotel. Vidalia-has a good breakfast but not included. Get a high floor-heard sirens 5 times throughout the night-we were on the 15th floor.  If you receive Marriott specials via email-don't automatically delete them! I booked a double bed for SIXTY NINE DOLLARS A NIGHT! Unheard of for downtown.  It was such a good deal, I booked 2 rooms for our family and requested they be connected to create a family suite! Great place!Room, bed, carpet, and walk-in tv are all just OK. Timetable is working great!
Stayed here because they gave me great prices, and so many things for sale! I love their location on East Avenue and even though I'm in Chicago, here they are. Check out everything! The roof is located right in the heart of the shopping center with the historic Millennium train station and two restaurants! It's a great location for creative night/morning activities! Room service is friendly and top notch.  Our room stayed cool, clean, and crystal clear.
Had a great stay here, nice company, great location. Regards
Beautiful home- it's definitely a Chicago hotel for the price.  Everyone from receptionists to walk-ins and maids to small groups of twenty have stayed here.  Oh, and if you go to Chicago, everyone here is like a Michigan Ave. party type of family. Our friends got married there and gave them a nice nice place to go for summer activities.  Great deal.
Stayed at both W Lakeshore and W City Center. W Lakeshore is so much better: simply a modern place with great service and amenities. Want something really good? Check out W City Center. For a long time, this city served as a barely middle-class center with an especially charming shopping district. Now they've replaced it with something really much more luxurious: tourist attractions in museums.
Stayed at both W Lakeshore and W City Center. W Lakeshore is so much better: simply a modern place with great service and amenities. The shopping district is great and the city center is getting very renovated as well.There are many shops throughout the park, but the downtown corner was marred in an early morning window fire.The best part about walking downtown is its amenities. Shopping at Downtown Holiday Inn Downtown is beautiful, which is good for some people.They have some parking lots which are helpful and nice (even though there is just a 6 car garage), and some upgraded parking lots (such as these, which was nice!). There are AT/DCLs (2-6 vehicles per car at checkout), some city/medicare (bottled wine) and a shuttle service between shops. The W Hotel is an easy 10 mins walk from the hotel, while the Hotel Downtown (or W Downtown Chicago) are just a 15 mins walk from the main office.Parking is pretty good as well (around $50/day, or in the third or fourth) and there are shops all around the corner. The location is well within walking distance of theaters and restaurants. No worry if you miss a weekend or weekend night. There is a gym, a very small gym in one of the rooms, a small hall, and a king size bathtub. Which is good, because if you go somewhere else, you'll be hitting the block again.Stayed overnight in the Chicago/Sandywood area.  The apartment was super cold; there was no electricity in the room, no refrigeration, no microwaves, no ironing board in the closet, no coffee maker, no decaf kind of stuff.  I did mention it was a bit cramped but it's okay.  Also, the whole place was so rundown, but I got the room ordered
The Hotel was well run and accommodating but the staff was pretty hard to find. We stayed at either the Fox Chicago or Hilton Chicago for brunch while trying to figure out a hotel which is a go!  We had just returned from two weeks here!  On the evening of December 5th, we received a terrible phone call from a taxi driver.  How could it be that a hotel that offers no option for us, prior to our arrival in Chicago, refused us a ride?  Poor customer service!!  Also, the hotel in question had given us a very poor service letter for its cleaning routines.  The room itself was very nice and the elevators at the top felt very cool.  Every so often when we checked in, the receptionist would repeat "we're not coming in to clean your room."  We sat in the room for about 5 hours and did not see a line of money coming in.  I would not go back, if it was not for the terrible service that we were receiving.
Great location to see several attractions and shopping (i.e. the 10,000-meter loop at the top of the tower). Budget hotel  But it was poorly booked. Couldn't afford the standard rooms (10%), chairs (11") with onetime garbage not being connected (no wi-fi, no tv, too lazy). Couldn't get adequate
I got really excited about staying at Bigelow in April 2010, when I thought the price would be right. The staff was wonderful. They made sure I could afford the room, but the concierge said "it isn't the venue.  Chicago is such a beautiful city and i'm excited to try our business again." I was also impressed with the cleanliness and attitude of the location. The staff is well paid and friendly, and there was no noise during the day. I guess they understand my needs. The cocktails and pizza were the best the place has to offer. The room was well decorated, and I really liked having a place to stay after work.  My girlfriend and I were looking forward to staying at the Downtown Spa Hotel in the near future. I guess it's an eye-opener for any hotel, but i'd highly rate this hotel again for the location and great staff.
My favorite bar in Chicago. Best air conditioning club in the city, only one musty side. Great location and outstanding service.  Best place in town for Bar delise at all!
Very cozy and modern restaurant with a modern feel. Parking is all in "Fair Park". Everyone is so friendly. Cleanliness is spot on and everyone is courteous. Every time I go to see our friends  we are greeted in the service booth by the lady and I'll just turn the corner and swipe our credit card. I'll let the guard down at that as I don't even care if I'm looking at our friends for a 20 minute notice to me or want to explain to them why my card took too long. Our waiter is very helpful and thoughtful. I would definitely stay here again.
Looks like this is the ideal spot for two: Coffee, martinis and a couple glasses of wine. I booked four rooms for breakfast; breakfast at the Chewy; dinner at the popular Cafe del Petit (no martinis) and then went back to bed in the lobby as soon as I had started the morning so they could get my drinks. Who doesn't like fresh air? Not the hotel but your room should keep its odor and smell. There is a high bar and coffee maker in the room, as seen in the shots, barista and receptionist. All food was very good and was served very well, from steak (Fried chicken, shrimp soup, grits, shallots) and egg salad (egg with bit of sour cream). There is a midwestern vibe to the entire service room. The pharmacy is very cool as well, no matter which direction you're going. The staff is extremely friendly. Their coffee was "cooked with the correct kind of spirit and coffee. The majority of the coffee really did not taste as expected, but they knew how to beat the 'taste note' so the  delirium (chaotic smoke cloud and tannins) burned through the Starbucks scoops and made everyone feel very good about their caffeine.  Cleanliness is down at the front desk as well as the front desk girls who are lovely. The valet parking isn't as well run as it should be, which is an excuse to head to the Wine Store which is supposed to be
This hotel is fab.I'm on my way back to the UK via USA from backpacking and I can still afford to stay here.  $77 per night for 2 in a petite room.  The room is way bigger than I expected and is lovely.  Air con/heater, clean, super dooper shower, comfy bed and we even had internet access in the room for free which I don't think was suppose to happen but try your luck if you have a lap top. They do have free wi-fi in the looby though and free fresh coffee in the morning. The in room service menu is also pretty reasonable (mains for about $15).It's quiet at night apart from the odd siren of the ambulances going to the nearby hospital but it's not disruptive at all.Location is great too.  Red line metro is 2 blocks up on Chicago st, the buses are right outside and it's easily walkable in about 20 mins to Sears tower and Grant Park etc.If you stay here I would recommend going to The Soupbox up on East Chicago st, that was a fab place to get gorgeous soup for $7 and I'm picky about soup.
This hotel is fab.I'm on my way back to the UK via USA from backpacking and I can still afford to stay here.  $77 per night for 2 in a petite room.  The room is way bigger than I expected and is lovely.  Air con/heater, clean, super dooper shower, comfy bed and we even had internet access in the room for free which I don't think was suppose to happen but try your luck if you have a lap top. They do have free wi-fi in the looby though and free fresh coffee in the morning. The in room service menu is also pretty reasonable (mains for about $15).It's quiet at night apart from the odd siren of the ambulances going to the nearby hospital but it's not disruptive at all.Location is great too.  Red line metro is 2 blocks up on Chicago st, the buses are right outside and it's easily walkable in about 20 mins to Sears tower and Grant Park etc.If you stay here I would recommend going to The Soupbox up on East Chicago st, that was a fab place to get gorgeous soup for $7 and I'm picky about soup.  The staff is friendly and friendly even though the place is tiny in comparison to the mall and many other places out there.  I stayed here for the first time in a while and it was great.  Parking is really cheap and I couldn't be happier with this hotel.
This hotel is fab.I'm on my way back to the UK via USA from backpacking and I can still afford to stay here.  $77 per night for 2 in a petite room.  The room is way bigger than I expected and is lovely.  Air con/heater, clean, super dooper shower, comfy bed and we even had internet access in the room for free which I don't think was suppose to happen but try your luck if you have a lap top. They do have free wi-fi in the looby though and free fresh coffee in the morning. The in room service menu is also pretty reasonable (mains for about $15).It's quiet at night apart from the odd siren of the ambulances going to the nearby hospital but it's not disruptive at all.Location is great too.  Red line metro is 2 blocks up on Chicago st, the buses are right outside and it's easily walkable in about 20 mins to Sears tower and Grant Park etc.If you stay here I would recommend going to The Soupbox up on East Chicago st, that was a fab place to get gorgeous soup for $7 and I'm picky about soup. I can't wait to get back for another trip to Great Oak the next time it hits me.<|endoftext|>
This hotel is fab.I'm on my way back to the UK via USA from backpacking and I can still afford to stay here.  $77 per night for 2 in a petite room.  The room is way bigger than I expected and is lovely.  Air con/heater, clean, super dooper shower, comfy bed and we even had internet access in the room for free which I don't think was suppose to happen but try your luck if you have a lap top. They do have free wi-fi in the looby though and free fresh coffee in the morning. The in room service menu is also pretty reasonable (mains for about $15).It's quiet at night apart from the odd siren of the ambulances going to the nearby hospital but it's not disruptive at all.Location is great too.  Red line metro is 2 blocks up on Chicago st, the buses are right outside and it's easily walkable in about 20 mins to Sears tower and Grant Park etc.If you stay here I would recommend going to The Soupbox up on East Chicago st, that was a fab place to get gorgeous soup for $7 and I'm picky about soup.  About 15 minutes down a block we left the other hotel and went to 3PM. There was a shuttle bus and some that didn't even have an air conditioning.  No gas so I figured they'd be more than a weekend away from the car and wouldn't charge me.  When the red line got closed we ate a generous portion and hit the river that day and to my dismay The Soupbox was packed and we were about to eat a few cheeseburgers after a while.  We enjoyed our breakfast and then the next evening we woke up outside in the middle of the night with a heart attack and went to bed disappointed.
Went here for a wedding a few weeks a go in the Gold Coast room. Food was beyond a dissapointment. But- wedding food is never perfect especially if you have a lot of guests. The decor is nice. Stayed in a huge sweet on the 7th floor which was amazing. Staff was very friendly. Rooms are big enough, beds are comfortable, and the food was above average. Food- Ok I had a blast and  we had one entree,and we made some reservations. If you have a huge room, or you want to spend less money, it should be convenient.  The room was clean but nothing special. I will definitely stay here again!
Great location, perfect location.
Went here for a wedding a few weeks a go in the Gold Coast room. Food was beyond a dissapointment. But- wedding food is never perfect especially if you have a lot of guests. The decor is nice. Stayed in a huge sweet on the 7th floor which was amazing. Staff was very friendly. Parking is a bit pricey but all you really need to do is walk to the front desk to ask a polite "taxicab charge" for the hotel lobby entrance. All in all, a very helpful party.
My first time staying at this beautiful city, this is one of my favorites in the entire trip.  Traveling south, on trains, off of the country is also nice because it is easy to find on the light rail. The elevators and rooms are quite spacious, the staff to pay the rooms, organize everything (rope, towels, changing stations), and keep you posted all around.  You get some amazing rooms, including a wedding ring that you can fit anywhere you want, including in your room or within a couple of windows of the bed. My other thing to note is that we always keep a great selection of really nice food: eggs, french fries, and I guess it gets there a little late at night.We rate this place fair because our unit went on the ST at a recent workday.  Parking is free, also you get an FAY joint.  I guess that makes the hotel truly one of the best places to go on the way to a spa and your kids will be a big fan.
Went here for a wedding a few weeks a go in the Gold Coast room. Food was beyond a dissapointment. But- wedding food is never perfect especially if you have a lot of guests. The decor is nice. Stayed in a huge sweet on the 7th floor which was amazing. Staff was very friendly. The rooms were of a basic look that I didn't expect. Hot tub was a novelty thing we didn't expect. Room was in very nice condition with no signs of stains. A nice feeling that this place is now ready to receive an end of the world? A very complimentary lounge on the 11th floor and even a wooden board house. Great location and very well equipped hotel. Its a job to get back to the hotel where you want to stay. The room was wonderful and had one room that was easily turned around and brought down a 5star room or so.The room was a little small. I guess you could say that the problem with it was the break room, and the drawers. The room was turned around so there were too many in the middle of the room to get to if you wanted to stay alone. The bathroom was small and you had to take off your glasses and use the actual sink because the shower was too loud! Don't forget the side seat.Not only was this hotel not particularly comfortable, but there were many things in the lobby that were a little disappointing. Parking is around $40, you only pay for $15 per day so you may find yourself in cars with no room! The concierge was actually really kind to help out with the event, so be prepared. Great food to taste and good service from around the house, it was quite a effort.I wouldn't recommend this hotel for any other reasons, it is not to dissapoint.
I hate living here, but if I was in New Orleans, and had a room at this location (and read this review) I would consider this to be my next stop. We spent a few weeks in search of a small hotel with one of the best customer service there is. Our rooms were fast, clean, and spacious. Don't let that discourage you. When I finally went to check out, my ex-lover Chris took me to his room for what I thought to be a friendly check-in. My ex didn't take care of everything, but he held my hand for the required check-out (I had to hold a sign up saying what time I would be accepting that check-in) and made us feel safe. I was so glad I asked him to come stay. He should've informed me beforehand of the times we checked into the building and I should've provided the information on which request. It never came up. When I returned to the room to ask for a refund (which I didn't receive), I was informed it was his birthday and we could not accommodate our requests. During our first night, I figured Chris had forgotten about the check-in yet had forgotten about the total refund. I have come to find that it was the first day I stayed here and he still did not provide my names. I do not rate the restaurant, "They Love The Hotel" as an adequate option for the downtown crowd in downtown.
Stayed here for 3 nights this past weekend for 12 (seven nights out of work) night stays. The rate was pretty decent, you get the room for $30 plus a $15 fee. On top of all that, you get a 4 star hotel bed without a screen, awful layout, your room smell like garbage, and if you walk over it (and it looks like it's getting crowded) the carpet isn't free. Not because of the reason that night, but because I felt so bad about going to Bed Depot (they made it so). You get the house upgraded which is still a $100 deposit.
i really dont enjoy this hotel due to its many small rooms but after i reviewed the review i can say the design of the rooms, the atmosphere, the service, decor, the (very clean) room shows. i don't mind, everything is great and when i return i will definitely not stay there again.
Booked here online because i'm really enjoying my stay at this tiny hotel.  Everyone I've spoken to here is super friendly, and their prices are reasonable for the price (less than half the place I booked in my recent stay). The service is on par or better than most hotels I've come across and the staff is always welcoming.  For all intents and purposes this is a pleasant hotel.One thing i'll keep in mind about this place is that i stay at the Big Sofitel on the 23rd floor and its just like your average hotel except your room costs $30 a night plus tip for a room that you pay $20 for (free at the time). So, why pick this one?If you want to get your money back, don't get that dingy Hyatt Regency Hyatt Chicago (where you charge $20 for a hotel room), or go to any other hotel in the vicinity.I may start off by saying that this is fine for my birthday, but I definitely went to all the other rooms where the "priced stuff" was
Love a great view of the lakeside and I'll definitely stay here again. The rooms are great and the location is convenient.
When I checked In initially, I was greeted with a warm and friendly welcome by David, the innkeeper and Virginia, one of the proprietors of the Old Chicago Inn. The room I was staying in with my boyfriend was 3A and it was a gorgeous room (I love the exposed brick wall.) The room was huge and well heated (We came in late February.) We were so close to SOOOOO much. We visited Wrigleyville which was really close about 3 or 4 blocks I believe, walked to boystown which is right down the block almost which is so much fun with all its shops and everything, and went to downtown Chicago on the Red Line. Which is so cool, cause the Inn is about half a block from it and its not noisy at all! Oh and David's homemade cakes for breakfast are delicious! I would definitely stay here again the next time I come to Chicago. It is truly one of those great moments where you are able to do anything you want.
great location, but quiet. This hotel is great if you're interested in the adventure part of it...haha thats what im talking about.
When I checked In initially, I was greeted with a warm and friendly welcome by David, the innkeeper and Virginia, one of the proprietors of the Old Chicago Inn. The room I was staying in with my boyfriend was 3A and it was a gorgeous room (I love the exposed brick wall.) The room was huge and well heated (We came in late February.) We were so close to SOOOOO much. We visited Wrigleyville which was really close about 3 or 4 blocks I believe, walked to boystown which is right down the block almost which is so much fun with all its shops and everything, and went to downtown Chicago on the Red Line. Which is so cool, cause the Inn is about half a block from it and its not noisy at all! Oh and David's homemade cakes for breakfast are delicious! I would definitely stay here again the next time I come to Chicago.
Polarized vibes through the floor and corridors. It was a bit expensive, but really was service oriented, not service oriented. I really wish I stayed elsewhere, but this place is perfect for what I have been needing.  New York is obviously a city in which luxury hotels are often valet parking lots, so I thought it was really cool that you could even use City Center Plaza. My husband and I went here before heading out to the Lake Michigan for a month's stay. The view was wonderful, and we enjoyed the breakfast we ate here, a very upscale and modern breakfast shop. The service was great, and the concierge was nice and helpful. I gave her 10 stars out of 10 (2 star for providing excellent service). I'd definitely come back to the hotel again.
When I checked In initially, I was greeted with a warm and friendly welcome by David, the innkeeper and Virginia, one of the proprietors of the Old Chicago Inn. The room I was staying in with my boyfriend was 3A and it was a gorgeous room (I love the exposed brick wall.) The room was huge and well heated (We came in late February.) We were so close to SOOOOO much. We visited Wrigleyville which was really close about 3 or 4 blocks I believe, walked to boystown which is right down the block almost which is so much fun with all its shops and everything, and went to downtown Chicago on the Red Line. Which is so cool, cause the Inn is about half a block from it and its not noisy at all! Oh and David's homemade cakes for breakfast are delicious! I would definitely stay here again the next time I come to Chicago.
Uhhmmm. I'm not a Chicago tourist but didn't expect to find this in the other city. I really would have expected much better from this place (at least compared to the reviews I've read, but its super tiny). The Hyatt Regency Hotel, located a half hour away from I-75 in downtown Chicago, didn't have any free Wi-Fi at the time of my visit. I had other complaints: It was very small and the parking had terrible parking fees. The rooms were so old that it took a lot of your friends and family to get around it and put them back to sleep. The beds were too tiny, the chair was so large that it made it impossible to cross the room without waddling it off its own axis. The company is super unprofessional and one of the staff members was rudely followed out of the room, because they clearly was not bothered by it, even though the rooms were often noisy. The old elevators were getting steadily worse as I moved from apartment to apartment. It was a Friday night and I didn't expect a major event.
When I checked In initially, I was greeted with a warm and friendly welcome by David, the innkeeper and Virginia, one of the proprietors of the Old Chicago Inn. The room I was staying in with my boyfriend was 3A and it was a gorgeous room (I love the exposed brick wall.) The room was huge and well heated (We came in late February.) We were so close to SOOOOO much. We visited Wrigleyville which was really close about 3 or 4 blocks I believe, walked to boystown which is right down the block almost which is so much fun with all its shops and everything, and went to downtown Chicago on the Red Line. Which is so cool, cause the Inn is about half a block from it and its not noisy at all! Oh and David's homemade cakes for breakfast are delicious! I would definitely stay here again the next time I come to Chicago.
Stayed here for a week for business. Pros+ Excellent location.  Safe and right in the heart of the Magnificent Mile you are walking distance to everything.  Millennium Park, Navy Pier, all just about a mile away.  Infinite food, bar and shopping choices all around you.  24 hour Walgreens just a block away for any incidental purchases.  + Rooms are clean, comfortable, functional and modern.  + Facilities.  Business center and gym.  Which should be expected.+ Sky Lounge has excellent views.  Had breakfast here every morning.  Very friendly staff.Cons- Warning, if you have a car, the valet parking is pricey.  But this is Chicago.  Big city, big city prices.  Be reasonable, this is expected.- If you like to swim at your hotel, the pool isn't huge or anything to write home about.  But it's not the worse.Not really a lot of cons here.  The sheer convenience offered by the location of this hotel is worth the stay.  Highly recommended.
We took reservations for the inside tour of the room, and were impressed with the rooms and rooms were great. It is about a minute from downtown but I still feel like I was on a personal tour. That being said, I won't go as far as giving them the "East Coast" reviews they deserve.
Stayed here for a week for business. Pros+ Excellent location.  Safe and right in the heart of the Magnificent Mile you are walking distance to everything.  Millennium Park, Navy Pier, all just about a mile away.  Infinite food, bar and shopping choices all around you.  24 hour Walgreens just a block away for any incidental purchases.  + Rooms are clean, comfortable, functional and modern.  + Facilities.  Business center and gym.  Which should be expected.+ Sky Lounge has excellent views.  Had breakfast here every morning.  Very friendly staff.Cons- Warning, if you have a car, the valet parking is pricey.  But this is Chicago.  Big city, big city prices.  Be reasonable, this is expected.- If you like to swim at your hotel, the pool isn't huge or anything to write home about.  But it's not the worse.Not really a lot of cons here.  The sheer convenience offered by the location of this hotel is worth the stay.  Highly recommended.
Stayed here for a week for business. Pros+ Excellent location.  Safe and right in the heart of the Magnificent Mile you are walking distance to everything.  Millennium Park, Navy Pier, all just about a mile away.  Infinite food, bar and shopping choices all around you.  24 hour Walgreens just a block away for any incidental purchases.  + Rooms are clean, comfortable, functional and modern.  + Facilities.  Business center and gym.  Which should be expected.+ Sky Lounge has excellent views.  Had breakfast here every morning.  Very friendly staff.Cons- Warning, if you have a car, the valet parking is pricey.  But this is Chicago.  Big city, big city prices.  Be reasonable, this is expected.- If you like to swim at your hotel, the pool isn't huge or anything to write home about.  But it's not the worse.Not really a lot of cons here.  The sheer convenience offered by the location of this hotel is worth the stay.  Highly recommended.I chose the hotel for my 11 year old son because of the location.
Stayed here for a week for business. Pros+ Excellent location.  Safe and right in the heart of the Magnificent Mile you are walking distance to everything.  Millennium Park, Navy Pier, all just about a mile away.  Infinite food, bar and shopping choices all around you.  24 hour Walgreens just a block away for any incidental purchases.  + Rooms are clean, comfortable, functional and modern.  + Facilities.  Business center and gym.  Which should be expected.+ Sky Lounge has excellent views.  Had breakfast here every morning.  Very friendly staff.Cons- Warning, if you have a car, the valet parking is pricey.  But this is Chicago.  Big city, big city prices.  Be reasonable, this is expected.- If you like to swim at your hotel, the pool isn't huge or anything to write home about.  But it's not the worse.Not really a lot of cons here.  The sheer convenience offered by the location of this hotel is worth the stay.  Highly recommended.
This hotel in Austin was bad.  I thought it was quite good considering the hotel suite is big and the guests all look like kids at school.  It's the more liberal of hotels, but really I would have had trouble staying there.  All in all, the experience was positive.  The room was nice, however with the and bathrooms in the hallway I have trouble staying here.
The King of Chicago is best known for its fine restaurants, with several of the best sushi restaurants in the city. Besides their delicious, rotating portions, the Chicago restaurants are equipped with the latest technology to make your dining experience easier than ever. We were given a Jumbo Bear, a bit chunky at the plate, because it could fit in our food order on the head of our cart. I left a chain after dinner that was still in use and had a problem because the top of the seat was stuck in the middle of the bowl. It turned out the chair was too big and didn't get seated properly, so I did an overnight sweep and started over. Only issue was when we went back to the hotel where they didn't have a second place - we found out we had to repeat the trick twice. The Food is OK but you'll have to return it for some extra sushi if you want to go to the bridal suite next weekend - not what we expected.
My favorite spot in Chicago is Starbucks.
I know, I know... I'm not the sort of person who likes to stay outside on the city loop for long hours without "barring late arrivals". The hotel is a 7 star and very nicely decorated, a no frills event. So here are some cheap, clean, great options for you people who value $12+ per night. There is a buffet breakfast, we decided to get a barbeque/fish roll. A friendly and welcoming staff was welcoming and made sure we got great beverages. We will be back for another hike. They have Magnificent Mile next to the parking lot but I found it much cheaper at the hotel - sometimes at a $14 a night rate if I paid for everything in advance...I could totally go back if the area isn't right next to the old Magnificent Mile shopping area.
I came to stay at the Essex Inn for a wedding, and the group rate was very reasonable - especially for a hotel in the loop! It was completely comfortable, and the staff were courteous.  They were quite understanding and helpful while working out a little error in our reservation.  The concierge (Bill) was remarkably friendly and helpful!   Little inconveniences keep this from being a five-star review: sometimes the elevators were slow, the bathroom was awkward to share, the wireless internet wasn't free (I know - but if it had been, I'd have been impressed!), and the television channels had a strange numbering system that I never figured out (no channel guide in the room).  Those are little things, but in the interest of saving a five-star review for a truly wonderful place, I'm holding back in this case.  I'm not hard to please, though, and I'd recommend this place/stay there again.Other useful things to know: 1. The room (king bed) had a fridge, iron & ironing board, single-mug coffee maker (powder creamer), and hair dryer.2. The bathroom came with plenty of linens of course, face soap, body soap, shampoo (which didn't lather a whole lot but got the job done), and conditioner.3.  The weight room had exercise bikes, treadmills, elliptical trainers, nautilus-type machines, and free weights.  There wasn't a space with mats to lie down but I liked the rest of it.  It looked out on the pool.4.  I never saw a room-service menu.  But I didn't look hard; just went across the street to Kitty O'Shea's (in the Hilton) and ordered out.Not great.5.  Great chain restaurants and gas stations along the rail lines (which I might have missed) alon
I came to stay at the Essex Inn for a wedding, and the group rate was very reasonable - especially for a hotel in the loop! It was completely comfortable, and the staff were courteous.  They were quite understanding and helpful while working out a little error in our reservation.  The concierge (Bill) was remarkably friendly and helpful!   Little inconveniences keep this from being a five-star review: sometimes the elevators were slow, the bathroom was awkward to share, the wireless internet wasn't free (I know - but if it had been, I'd have been impressed!), and the television channels had a strange numbering system that I never figured out (no channel guide in the room).  Those are little things, but in the interest of saving a five-star review for a truly wonderful place, I'm holding back in this case.  I'm not hard to please, though, and I'd recommend this place/stay there again.Other useful things to know: 1. The room (king bed) had a fridge, iron & ironing board, single-mug coffee maker (powder creamer), and hair dryer.2. The bathroom came with plenty of linens of course, face soap, body soap, shampoo (which didn't lather a whole lot but got the job done), and conditioner.3.  The weight room had exercise bikes, treadmills, elliptical trainers, nautilus-type machines, and free weights.  There wasn't a space with mats to lie down but I liked the rest of it.  It looked out on the pool.4.  I never saw a room-service menu.  But I didn't look hard; just went across the street to Kitty O'Shea's (in the Hilton) and ordered out.  She told me I needed to ask for free towels, make sure to fold the (gravy) sheets before I sent them in be
I came to stay at the Essex Inn for a wedding, and the group rate was very reasonable - especially for a hotel in the loop! It was completely comfortable, and the staff were courteous.  They were quite understanding and helpful while working out a little error in our reservation.  The concierge (Bill) was remarkably friendly and helpful!   Little inconveniences keep this from being a five-star review: sometimes the elevators were slow, the bathroom was awkward to share, the wireless internet wasn't free (I know - but if it had been, I'd have been impressed!), and the television channels had a strange numbering system that I never figured out (no channel guide in the room).  Those are little things, but in the interest of saving a five-star review for a truly wonderful place, I'm holding back in this case.  I'm not hard to please, though, and I'd recommend this place/stay there again.Other useful things to know: 1. The room (king bed) had a fridge, iron & ironing board, single-mug coffee maker (powder creamer), and hair dryer.2. The bathroom came with plenty of linens of course, face soap, body soap, shampoo (which didn't lather a whole lot but got the job done), and conditioner.3.  The weight room had exercise bikes, treadmills, elliptical trainers, nautilus-type machines, and free weights.  There wasn't a space with mats to lie down but I liked the rest of it.  It looked out on the pool.4.  I never saw a room-service menu.  But I didn't look hard; just went across the street to Kitty O'Shea's (in the Hilton) and ordered out.I'll have to see if the accommodations have come back.
Love the hotel! My wife and I returned home early this week for a birthday party, and found it very uninspiring and unpleasantly expensive! Besides, the rooms are in great condition. Our room was already very nicely arranged and the bathroom was clean and well maintained. I could not have asked for better! Also, I found out that Barbara Gervais (PFA) was on the board of management, not the Hotel Management Board!
I came to stay at the Essex Inn for a wedding, and the group rate was very reasonable - especially for a hotel in the loop! It was completely comfortable, and the staff were courteous.  They were quite understanding and helpful while working out a little error in our reservation.  The concierge (Bill) was remarkably friendly and helpful!   Little inconveniences keep this from being a five-star review: sometimes the elevators were slow, the bathroom was awkward to share, the wireless internet wasn't free (I know - but if it had been, I'd have been impressed!), and the television channels had a strange numbering system that I never figured out (no channel guide in the room).  Those are little things, but in the interest of saving a five-star review for a truly wonderful place, I'm holding back in this case.  I'm not hard to please, though, and I'd recommend this place/stay there again.Other useful things to know: 1. The room (king bed) had a fridge, iron & ironing board, single-mug coffee maker (powder creamer), and hair dryer.2. The bathroom came with plenty of linens of course, face soap, body soap, shampoo (which didn't lather a whole lot but got the job done), and conditioner.3.  The weight room had exercise bikes, treadmills, elliptical trainers, nautilus-type machines, and free weights.  There wasn't a space with mats to lie down but I liked the rest of it.  It looked out on the pool.4.  I never saw a room-service menu.  But I didn't look hard; just went across the street to Kitty O'Shea's (in the Hilton) and ordered out.5.  I got a $70 Superwholesale Hotel DoubleCrown Floral, which was equally as good as the Highsnobiety Doubl
This was my first visit to Chicago this fall.  I was so impressed with our hotel as a young guest.  I stayed at Suites 3, a suite from the 1950s through the 90s (it's all within walking distance to Willis Tower).  I was so impressed that my mom made a film about it called Nowhere To Go.  She and her husband Chris started exploring North and South Chicago a couple of months later and really enjoyed the journey.  This is one hotel worth checking out as your Chicago holiday effort.  Check in is easy when you visit. Stayed at The Ritz Carlton in the 1930s.  What a landmark.
This hotel is not about elevators, chairs and corner bathrooms.  I had my drinks there once during a small Chicago gathering and enjoyed seeing some vintage furniture.  I have a preference for luxury beds and it really didn't matter how clean or luxurious my room was.  My husband and I felt badly for our guest at the museum this weekend.  He had pretty much the exact same hotel experience as his sister.  From the way he looked and behaved
Pros: great location right on Magnificent Mile.  15-minute walk from Art Institute, 10-minute walk from Millennium Park, 10-minute walk from Hancock Tower, 15-minutes walk from Navy Pier, etc.  Our upgraded room was spacious but the furnishings are a bit dated.  There's a Starbucks right next to the lobby so it's easy to grab a coffee if that's your thing.Cons: inconsistent service.  The valet attendant that took our car greeted us with service that you'd expect from someone at a car pound.  We asked for a crib upon checking in and reminded the front desk again upon leaving our room for a stroll up Mag Mile and dinner.  The crib was nowhere to be found when we returned.  Service was fine in other areas.Conclusion: If you expect a five-star hotel due to the Intercontinental name, then you'll be disappointed.  This is a 3.5-star hotel in a 5-star building with a 5-star location.  Suites with the vintage hotel, the modern hotel, or the 2nd/3rd/4th units are all very likely to offer the "Cheap and Easy" Hotel Value for a few dollars better.  If you really want to get a bit 'casual' and stay in a quaint, comfortable hotel, then this is a decent place to go.
Pros: great location right on Magnificent Mile.  15-minute walk from Art Institute, 10-minute walk from Millennium Park, 10-minute walk from Hancock Tower, 15-minutes walk from Navy Pier, etc.  Our upgraded room was spacious but the furnishings are a bit dated.  There's a Starbucks right next to the lobby so it's easy to grab a coffee if that's your thing.Cons: inconsistent service.  The valet attendant that took our car greeted us with service that you'd expect from someone at a car pound.  We asked for a crib upon checking in and reminded the front desk again upon leaving our room for a stroll up Mag Mile and dinner.  The crib was nowhere to be found when we returned.  Service was fine in other areas.Conclusion: If you expect a five-star hotel due to the Intercontinental name, then you'll be disappointed.  This is a 3.5-star hotel in a 5-star building with a 5-star location.  Sure, some good hotel are listed on Yelp, but I've been staying here at least twice and the majority of the reviews are positive.Overall: For those who would rather be driving than staying at the Millennium Hotel, give it a try.  We'd definitely stay here again if we were in town.
I had no reservations but I felt like I needed them.  Next door to my great American Lakes Inn and Spa, the Spa Bar, offers great beach and sauna amenities that are what I enjoy the most.  The hotel itself is pretty huge; everything was nice, from the ceiling fan to the elevators. The employees were extremely friendly, outgoing, and attentive.  It was the perfect distance from the airport for a meal or visit.
Pros: great location right on Magnificent Mile.  15-minute walk from Art Institute, 10-minute walk from Millennium Park, 10-minute walk from Hancock Tower, 15-minutes walk from Navy Pier, etc.  Our upgraded room was spacious but the furnishings are a bit dated.  There's a Starbucks right next to the lobby so it's easy to grab a coffee if that's your thing.Cons: inconsistent service.  The valet attendant that took our car greeted us with service that you'd expect from someone at a car pound.  We asked for a crib upon checking in and reminded the front desk again upon leaving our room for a stroll up Mag Mile and dinner.  The crib was nowhere to be found when we returned.  Service was fine in other areas.Conclusion: If you expect a five-star hotel due to the Intercontinental name, then you'll be disappointed.  This is a 3.5-star hotel in a 5-star building with a 5-star location.  No need to worry about the final rate, it's a real bargain!
One thing we did stay at this hotel during our stay was over a weekend, which is exactly what we were hoping for. And it was. The sound quality, the heat, the little people, the bathrooms... all over the place.  There were the usual issues, including dirty blankets, mold, and floor polish... but in the end, the rooms looked like they were just fine.  Not much left of any improvement, but at $200 a night, this was worth it.  My only other experience with Bedrock hotels is staying on C-bus from Chicago. Our previous hotel was in a much better location, but our stay at C-bus didn't begin until we booked another hotel and got ourselves into bed! My husband and I recently moved to the Bay Area to start working here. While we weren't overly impressed with our room, it certainly didn't disappoint.
Oh yeah! When I bought the Bedrock luxury hotel, I was on the lookout for something cool with its "Girdletop Lounge" which had incredible views, a gym with a 12- to 13-step length of rope running down each wall, the Sq/snail baths, athletic equipment, under the bed, all of it impressive. Yet, after considering the price per room, I went on the opinionated path, looking for something more interesting.
Pros: great location right on Magnificent Mile.  15-minute walk from Art Institute, 10-minute walk from Millennium Park, 10-minute walk from Hancock Tower, 15-minutes walk from Navy Pier, etc.  Our upgraded room was spacious but the furnishings are a bit dated.  There's a Starbucks right next to the lobby so it's easy to grab a coffee if that's your thing.Cons: inconsistent service.  The valet attendant that took our car greeted us with service that you'd expect from someone at a car pound.  We asked for a crib upon checking in and reminded the front desk again upon leaving our room for a stroll up Mag Mile and dinner.  The crib was nowhere to be found when we returned.  Service was fine in other areas.Conclusion: If you expect a five-star hotel due to the Intercontinental name, then you'll be disappointed.  This is a 3.5-star hotel in a 5-star building with a 5-star location.  Otherwise, you'll probably need to hit up the Chicago E train for the later nights and then go back for the weekend at Chicago.
Great place to stay for kids.  If you're interested in staying somewhere quieter, or for a late start, here's the option for you. They have everything in the country like a summer retreat and I can't think of a better place to have a nice summer break.I'll recommend this place to everyone, especially if you're an overnight stay. I highly recommend this place to everyone.  They've really impressive and beautiful front porches with a floor plan that is very different than those that are in the hotel business. The high ceilings and soapy, paper wallpaper make for beautiful, clean room. They have lots of amenities for the kids, but in the heart of the hotel you'll find everything.The wifi is convenient for our first two nights, but not so convenient that I could get home for two. I've had too many calls in my travels and the location placed on a "theoretical" billing cycle was non-functional. I've also had an additional week's worth of drinks made at the hotel so they could drop me off at the morning meeting point or arrive at 5:00.Selling on Yelp was really easy, it was just someone peering in their room all night and over everything.Location, all within 2 blocks of Magnificent Mile. You go to
I have just moved to Chicago from Michigan. I didn't expect much,but I have a pretty awesome set of skills and I think that its time to get started!! When I booked my room at Wrigley Field, it was on an 18,490-square-foot sprawl--It had some really cool visual details, but nothing that I can describe (great locations to watch on every corner of the field). I booked my room at Wrigley Field after I had reviewed the location guide and was quite impressed by the dining room, cool decor, and close proximity to stadium seating. My boyfriend and I were away on the 5th Floor of the Museum for a few days, during which time we sat next to some club members, and had a few drinks. This was, and remains, one of the rare venues where a person's overall privacy is at risk--I ended up making the critical decision to use a bathroom at a hotel, because that is where my boyfriend and I enjoyed such an amazing view. I liked our previous location, and have had a lot of great experiences there, and it will be a nice addition to my closet, because it has such a cool view. The name Marriott appears to have been given a push forward because of what they've done with the Marriott Grant Park Hotel. The Grant Park was really an old road station, and the employees of the downtown hotel had some cool parking options (as well as some cool co-working space) that they conveniently used, which really didn't seem to disappoint me. Aside from the lights, they simply never had a chance to
Very good room, nice chairs, nice decor. The rooms are nice too. There is one bed so you can easily go into the bathroom (not sure if you need to do that but it's convenient). There's a big stand in front of the hotel. The wi-fi is very slow.  On our way in the room, we were charged $8.50 a day. This was after I switched to the used wireless router and connected to the internet. When connecting it to the router, it simply reconnected to the network. The building itself is a tad old, but there are no big front doors and no outlets. The bathroom itself has wonderful water running down and some sort of vending machine. The lamp was a tad dim, but I'd guess it was a job well done. The front desk lady on the other end of the hallway makes great gifts for our needs.
If you love a vibe then this is the hotel you should stay at. This is obviously not the place to get very much entertainment from. There is a line from the concierge desk (near corner of 13th Avenue and 13th Street) to the "S" on the street which leads all the way to "J". From here, you can either walk the whole block (with no elevator and no signal) or bus from the concierge desk to the same corner.  On the same day, you get a couple of stops at the side-service end of the line, which then means you have to pay for the most expensive night pass (the headmaster gives you the cheapest bag you can find) and another 5-10 dollars if you ever wanted to stay in the tower and not spend money. If you ask what they think of this place, they tell you to get a decent dinner at Red Lobster.  I was really impressed with how much everyone there was interested in spending for a decent price. Even the signs have been very helpful, I actually think a stop sign
I stayed here a few days ago to celebrate my wedding anniversary. This hotel opened a few years ago, and now we are all blown away. Our room is just a tiny bedroom with a bathtub, bath tub top, and free WiFi. Our
We chose this hotel because of the excellent hotel service and for our room arrangements (which were fantastic!!).  So glad we made the switch from in the second floor of our hotel to downtown.  The gym is very nice, including a Jacuzzi and a pool.  Even tho we arrived a week early, we had so many choices that went nowhere.  The room was lovely, though the guest service made it a little confusing.  I didn't expect this hotel to offer free beverages for all of our guests, but as expected, the service and presentation made up for the small  reservations.  Although it was slightly pricier than our previous two W hotels in Chicago, we would rate it higher if it offered free drinks, soap, shampoo, and much more (I wanted more hair care from my husband).  We stayed at PETA Ballroom and they did a nice job catering to our individual needs.  We also get a free chance to get another night's sleep at our friend's and cousin's W club (which in my opinion is a terrific place for shopping and dancing).
Hotel is grand and VERY large. I thought the carpet/wallpaper in our room was a bit outdated and on our last day I found out they're starting to renovate. A worker showed us a 'completed' floor and it looked very nice. Beds are soft, tv has a great picture. Only thing is the sink area, at least in our room, was tiny. Had no extra room to lay out my makeup. But no big deal. We completely enjoyed our stay. My husband loved the sauna/hot tub up in the exercise/swimming area. The glass has a variety of shapes (lots of reds, reds, greens, orange colors), so you can get a nice total of shape of glass without the headache of the 'luxury room' lobby. It was $60 per day, so without the gym playhouse the cost was less. If there was a lobby in the gym, it was lovely to walk to! Sudo de Kenbabitz and the Suites were a block away. Service was great, clean but to my surprise the staff was nice and courteous. Parking in downtown downtown was also a breeze. The water was very refreshing, very close to the rain showers in the hotel. Wi-Fi is quick. The I-45 line is obviously not an option, because it is only 22 minutes.
Hotel is grand and VERY large. I thought the carpet/wallpaper in our room was a bit outdated and on our last day I found out they're starting to renovate. A worker showed us a 'completed' floor and it looked very nice. Beds are soft, tv has a great picture. Only thing is the sink area, at least in our room, was tiny. Had no extra room to lay out my makeup. But no big deal. We completely enjoyed our stay. My husband loved the sauna/hot tub up in the exercise/swimming area. The gym wasn't there. If you are planning a weekend in Vegas then you may want to get somewhere smaller.
I've had good reviews before and they're no joke. This place is terrible. Great spot for a special event like that or to get together early.  I spent the most amount of time here.  Not many if anything but the bar was great, but it wasn't a huge deal.  You'll know a lot about the business you're in if you go to the right side and get directly to the Bar!!The location is convenient, kinda like for a dog walk. The service is pretty decent and a good fit for the hotel. However, don't go there unless you have a tight budget. You'll find yourself inside the "free room" if you wish.
I booked this hotel a couple of weeks ago.  The room was very nice. The Internet speeds were excellent, the Room was very comfy and the room size is a steal. The staff were friendly and the prices were reasonable.The hotel is completely renovated to meet our expectations.  We were so impressed with the views and the free WiFi throughout this historic hotel.  In addition, our room is now free of charge because we never complained. Love it!!!  We can't complain enough!
Hotel is grand and VERY large. I thought the carpet/wallpaper in our room was a bit outdated and on our last day I found out they're starting to renovate. A worker showed us a 'completed' floor and it looked very nice. Beds are soft, tv has a great picture. Only thing is the sink area, at least in our room, was tiny. Had no extra room to lay out my makeup. But no big deal. We completely enjoyed our stay. My husband loved the sauna/hot tub up in the exercise/swimming area. I was surprised at how clean and functional this location is!
Cons: my room was clean and neat, but the shower just don't work there. Kind of a nice little building, but it does kind of suck. Rooms are small, kinda cramped and weird... most nice bit: the nook is a bit narrow, but actually holds the window up much better.  Both of those musti's help...nook is tiny and actually has a little room to lie down. But if you can get someone to work for you (work on your car or back), this is where things get really tricky. There are no front desk jobs in the apartment (unless you drive on the shuttle to Chicago, which gets pretty weird). And not only do there seem to be a ton of corner office furniture, but there is absolutely nothing to do on your own. I found a coworker who was a DJ on the first floor......at least I think so... which I really liked about her (GillianF: make sure you know how hard she worked). Not worth the hassle, really. But again, I still wanted a place to stay, not this one, and I could have stayed in a hotel with it.
Only the coolest place in the whole city, from the modern marble table to the new 3rd floor retail.  Those in the know really like the spot.  You just need to head south along the Byway and pay $40 per night or you get hit on the head and not pay your rent.  Who doesn't want that!  Big, beautiful elevator to reach downtown and oh by the way, it's affordable - it has elevators on every floor that are very useful as well. This has been to be the city's smallest hotel in years.
My family and I booked 4 of our suites at this hotel in Chicago. We wanted a quiet, clean, and modern living experience - not a Hyatt Regency Hotel! The rooms are clean, and comfortable. The furnishings are exquisite - pillows, front desk chairs, a-pillars, and boxes of napkins. The queen beds were an absolute joke, on par with the common sofa so you can still sleep with your friends while lounging in the tiny bathtub! The restaurant menu has stellar options to treat you.  I found a $9 per night California Dream buffet the closest I've ever gotten, and they had a really nice menu!
Noise, noise, noise!  Unbelievable!  Between the overly loud music and the tons of loud motorcylces, people screaming - this is ridiculous!  Don't, stay away from their apartment!  I can't say enough good things about this restaurant, honestly.  Very, very good value for $30.  That being said, if you are looking for decent seating and good deals, this is probably your city for you.
First of all, the place is really nice.  The room is too small for me.  I'm extremely small for a hotel, but I'm grateful that it's close enough to grab dinner here.  The elevators are inconvenient to take but hey - if that doesn't strike you as strange then I don't know what does.  I definitely liked the lobby of the hotel, which I definitely appreciate.  I had to leave the room early to get to the lobby, and in my opinion was right next to the train.  The food and drinks are atrocious, and the food choices are poor - that's the problem.  But the food itself is extremely good and convenient.  If you stay here if you don't want to pay much more than $25 per person and would rather watch TV than spending cash on the bare necessities you get. The bathroom is very small with a small shower and sink and they never got rid of the fridge in the showers.  The downstairs bathroom has toiletries everywhere.  The bathroom is in the lobby, at the club, which is in need of renovation, a major renovation is going on.  The general consensus in the hotel is that there are too many standing rooms at this venue, which begs the question - will the hotel ever be re-branded as a hotel? So, if you truly enjoy this kind of accommodation in Chicago, then spend a great deal of your $20-$40 a night at The P.O. Box and get the kind of free Wi-Fi you need. It'll definitely leave you feeling a bit better about yourself, and right now it is not what you wanted, but will most likely never regret.
I really like this hotel because of the niceness it offers for day-to-day living. The staff are attentive, knowledgeable, and it is easy to find hidden gems in the restaurant. The kitchen is a pleasure to use, and there is something of an elaborate lobby on the 6th floor. I
To those who have heard this rating and recieved multiple perfect 5 stars or better! As expected! Felt so much better than Hotel de Pens. I had reservations at Hotline 692 and the front desk staff were as nice as you would expect. The rooms are spacious (not too big), very clean and comfortable. I also got the welcome mat for my birthday. My guests stayed in the Marriott on the first night of my stay. I am not a fan of room decor and feel the hotel is quite old.  I had rooms that were slightly larger than my standard 22 beds and sometimes had guests just giving me a hug. The service was average, not tacky.I chose this hotel because the price was reasonable. There is a considerable number of hotels around here and the prices are reasonable too. Great prices, great rooms and great service from the front desk!
Love it The 915 room suite - slightly larger than a 21" beach chair, and has a small amount of storage space. It can use the large wire closet on the second floor. The bathroom is small enough to fit a guest-sized bed, but you'd have to spend 2 to 2/3 extra for the (very small) $2 per day. The Wi-Fi reception was excellent - 20% all day, 40% weekend. Best Western sent me a map from 6AM to 3PM. I used my computer to visit Champs-Elysees for a couple of minutes. Should have stayed in our spacious motel.  I used our ability to walk to The Plaza/Mart to see there shops, and started checking in at 10PM. Then I checked in through a lobby door and went into bed - didn't wake up until the next morning. Oh, and then, six hours later, I heard no word from our hotel staff - check them out at 11PM and they check out 12PM. Yeah, check out - no signal at all. When checking in, they see my iPod lying on the bed next to my bed sheet. The front desk won't check me if I left the DVD
This is a cute smaller hotel in downtown. The staff is very courteous and pleasant. Everyone from the doorman to the receptionists seem to be very genuine. Most of my experience is with their banquet facility on the 2nd floor. It is a very nice space. Didn't end up spending any time in any of the rooms, but if I ever had a need I would definitely consider James Hotel.
This is a cute smaller hotel in downtown. The staff is very courteous and pleasant. Everyone from the doorman to the receptionists seem to be very genuine. Most of my experience is with their banquet facility on the 2nd floor. It is a very nice space. Didn't end up spending any time in any of the rooms, but if I ever had a need I would definitely consider James Hotel. The staff is really nice and friendly.  You will definitely be glad you did!
This is by far the worst hotel in Midtown. Its not very friendly, not efficient, and the services poor will only get you in trouble with your bills. Parking is on the lower left side of the parking area, next to the grocery store. Lots of people standing on the street and shouting at each other before moving their bags. Their no-frills construction elevators are considered to be the most expensive thing in existence. The one when parked at night could really make a difference. DO NOT STAY HERE.
This review is for one of the major sites listed and is short, so for now, I'll just try to give my recommendation to the "convenient" location. The first thing you notice while walking into the hotel is that the lobby is very modern. The decor is not as impressive as when you view the far side and hotel itself is a bit of a bummer as a lot of the rooms are dated.
This is a cute smaller hotel in downtown. The staff is very courteous and pleasant. Everyone from the doorman to the receptionists seem to be very genuine. Most of my experience is with their banquet facility on the 2nd floor. It is a very nice space. Didn't end up spending any time in any of the rooms, but if I ever had a need I would definitely consider James Hotel.
Room very clean and attractive and they do a great job of accommodating people and making me feel welcome. The restroom was small and it took a few tries to find it. Room was booked on the 15th floor, but didn't have enough room for me to try and use it. Some money was lost when I arrived on the 21st floor and it was no problem; I was booked on this list. I was expecting more spacious rooms but it wasn't.  I hope the place gets better because I am planning to visit again, not know where it is, and should spend some time traveling.
This is a cute smaller hotel in downtown. The staff is very courteous and pleasant. Everyone from the doorman to the receptionists seem to be very genuine. Most of my experience is with their banquet facility on the 2nd floor. It is a very nice space. Didn't end up spending any time in any of the rooms, but if I ever had a need I would definitely consider James Hotel.
I am looking for a place to stay for my wedding. It is listed at over $700.  What a waste of money when we got one of the cheapest rooms around town for only over $400!!! The room is incredible, and is small, well-maintained.  We saw just about everything within walking distance of each other, and in just a few minutes we were at our room! The service in here was excellent, however, the staff was average- (which isn't to say bad) even within minutes of us heading out to dinner.  One of the hotel employees had a nasty snort, which I thought was a result of not doing a bit to the hotel.  The hotel had beautiful marble shower heads and beachfront activities, as well as spacious pool.  Again, I expect a change here because of the smaller rooms!
All in all a fine hotel.  They have some very nice rooms that are right up my alley and even their "casual" restaurant is off in a good area.  Just last Friday, it was all good. Although some of the main attractions and attractions that are "over budget" this hotel is the only place you can really be taken seriously by a look at this hotel.  Its fantastic view, exquisite location, and awesome reviews for all things accommodations.  Overall, the staff are exceptional, friendly and non-judgemental, and the rooms are decent.  We will definitely stay here again.
Fantastic Hotel. Just had a 3 day business trip to Chicago and got this hotel through http://hotwire.com.  First class all the way. Friendly helpful staff, funky decor and a totally hopping rooftop bar.  Rooms were huge (except for 2, so your hotel room was about the size of a gym and didn't quite fit.)  Rooms were smaller than my top two rooms and my room was very small.  The bathrooms were low end and smelled very clean.  Other than that, this hotel is awesome. Thanks Hotwire staff and Hotel Indigo for a great Chicago location.
Cons:  My personal favorite Hotel is Detroit from the Victor P. Hill, Michigan Hotel.  I have a loved one's wedding here and have given it my all.  I had to get to Detroit several times and paid an outrageous amount of money for the option.  Had to get married and had to get a room at the Hotel Indigo (really sucks that you make the extra bit for travel and overhead travel, so this does not work out for you).  The very first thing I saw was the elevator entrance, this is where the entire room is located.  It has so much more elegance than the Motel and is worth a look if you are looking for an attractive location and in need of a magnificent room.  But at $199 per night the hotel makes no sense!  If I were in Detroit this was the worst hotel I could go to!
This was my first stay here in over a decade of ever being in a suburb of Chicago (or maybe I'm just nostalgic). We only stayed 2 days in a row and took our place behind the switch room on which we are staying. We had no issues. Everything else was okay.  The lobby was quite nice and the rooms are gorgeous.  At least we had free internet.
My oldest son and I are usually into flying, but let's face it, if we did that on a Saturday night we'd still be staying. The hotel didn't stay very much that weekend, but we do need a flight to Chicago to stay there. I told my oldest son to go out and do it! Let me tell you, you can't go out and feel like you're attending something an open show and the front desk were checking your mail too! They took him to the front desk and they offered him two way parking, because they thought he looked cool. From there, the hotel had little trouble. You should expect a nice place to stay and a great view. One of the few internet access points was in the lobby where we were taking the flight, but they only brought us 15 minutes after leaving the airport. We ended up sleeping on the hotel elevator, lying down on the floor trying to get my son to move his own seat or use the front desk coms. Before we could see the front desk manager check my son's  luggage, I called the doorbell and received a package left at the front desk. Of course the front desk turned down the call and placed a new, crappy package in my son's room. Next thing I know, we heard them call their tax return, and I was told to go check it out. I checked out, my son checked out too, my daughter handed me the package, and the next thing I know she said she received a $200 top off for an older daughter. Let's not forget that my son's kids are 4 and 5 and if we can't get a stay in another city, let's
I loved staying at this hotel. The lobby was beautiful, the rooms great, the service was really nice, and the staff and suites were pretty comfy. My boyfriend and I had our first and only "golden treat" at this hotel on January 13, 2010. I felt like I was in on a crystal ball: a mini-pantheon of Midwestern restaurants, shops, restaurants and souvenir stores all across the city.  The views of downtown Chicago were great, Downtown the vibe was totally different, and perhaps the cocktail hour was so simple it was difficult to explain to your family the whole thing. I chose the hotel for a change, because at what price do you expect to be lucky to get a close look at a successful restaurant at the end of a cold day at the pop of a switch? Get a ballerina to try something else, and ask them out for a drink! Perhaps you will have two people come to your room in your room in your 15th or so. What a horrible place to stay! I like the menu! There are two unpretentious rooms
Just getting back from Chicago! My second time, I love Chicago. Definitely, go on the Architecture Tour at Navy Pier, it's a 5-star!! The moment I saw the river i fell in love with Chicago :) The Tremont, it was mediocre. We got a good deal on the price, so we can't complain. Which may be why our king size bed was out-dated, not the luxury pillow top style. And no screens on the windows, which you had to open. But like I said, it's not to complain. Just simply my opinion, so you are informed, in the event these features mentioned are your deal breakers! The week we were there, was mid 60's, beautiful. The lobby very cozy and nice but.....HOT, wow. The front desk gal, not so friendly or enthusiastic but gets the job done and answers your questions accurately. One elevator, slow and old, sometime we jumped in the service elevator haha. TV not too many channels, ESPN2 didn't have sound, not a big deal for me the boyfriend begs to differ. House cleaning did an excellent job everyday, much appreciated, always nice to come back to a clean and straightened room after a long day. The air conditioning didn't work and the only option was to open unscreened windows. Why? you ask......it's that time of year and they switched over to the heating system. This was the only downer, everything else we could roll with. With that being said.....if the price is right we would stay their again. It's in a excellent location. Ditka's restaurant is in the hotel, John Hancock building a half a block away, Mag Mile half block, everything else is a cheap taxi ride away a $10-$12 taxi ride hear in Seattle only cost $6.00 dollars.  I'd never do that. We had 5
Just getting back from Chicago! My second time, I love Chicago. Definitely, go on the Architecture Tour at Navy Pier, it's a 5-star!! The moment I saw the river i fell in love with Chicago :) The Tremont, it was mediocre. We got a good deal on the price, so we can't complain. Which may be why our king size bed was out-dated, not the luxury pillow top style. And no screens on the windows, which you had to open. But like I said, it's not to complain. Just simply my opinion, so you are informed, in the event these features mentioned are your deal breakers! The week we were there, was mid 60's, beautiful. The lobby very cozy and nice but.....HOT, wow. The front desk gal, not so friendly or enthusiastic but gets the job done and answers your questions accurately. One elevator, slow and old, sometime we jumped in the service elevator haha. TV not too many channels, ESPN2 didn't have sound, not a big deal for me the boyfriend begs to differ. House cleaning did an excellent job everyday, much appreciated, always nice to come back to a clean and straightened room after a long day. The air conditioning didn't work and the only option was to open unscreened windows. Why? you ask......it's that time of year and they switched over to the heating system. This was the only downer, everything else we could roll with. With that being said.....if the price is right we would stay their again. It's in a excellent location. Ditka's restaurant is in the hotel, John Hancock building a half a block away, Mag Mile half block, everything else is a cheap taxi ride away a $10-$12 taxi ride hear in Seattle only cost $6.00 for 7 days, $20-$28, for all the peopl
Just getting back from Chicago! My second time, I love Chicago. Definitely, go on the Architecture Tour at Navy Pier, it's a 5-star!! The moment I saw the river i fell in love with Chicago :) The Tremont, it was mediocre. We got a good deal on the price, so we can't complain. Which may be why our king size bed was out-dated, not the luxury pillow top style. And no screens on the windows, which you had to open. But like I said, it's not to complain. Just simply my opinion, so you are informed, in the event these features mentioned are your deal breakers! The week we were there, was mid 60's, beautiful. The lobby very cozy and nice but.....HOT, wow. The front desk gal, not so friendly or enthusiastic but gets the job done and answers your questions accurately. One elevator, slow and old, sometime we jumped in the service elevator haha. TV not too many channels, ESPN2 didn't have sound, not a big deal for me the boyfriend begs to differ. House cleaning did an excellent job everyday, much appreciated, always nice to come back to a clean and straightened room after a long day. The air conditioning didn't work and the only option was to open unscreened windows. Why? you ask......it's that time of year and they switched over to the heating system. This was the only downer, everything else we could roll with. With that being said.....if the price is right we would stay their again. It's in a excellent location. Ditka's restaurant is in the hotel, John Hancock building a half a block away, Mag Mile half block, everything else is a cheap taxi ride away a $10-$12 taxi ride hear in Seattle only cost $6.50--what a city! On top of everything els
Just getting back from Chicago! My second time, I love Chicago. Definitely, go on the Architecture Tour at Navy Pier, it's a 5-star!! The moment I saw the river i fell in love with Chicago :) The Tremont, it was mediocre. We got a good deal on the price, so we can't complain. Which may be why our king size bed was out-dated, not the luxury pillow top style. And no screens on the windows, which you had to open. But like I said, it's not to complain. Just simply my opinion, so you are informed, in the event these features mentioned are your deal breakers! The week we were there, was mid 60's, beautiful. The lobby very cozy and nice but.....HOT, wow. The front desk gal, not so friendly or enthusiastic but gets the job done and answers your questions accurately. One elevator, slow and old, sometime we jumped in the service elevator haha. TV not too many channels, ESPN2 didn't have sound, not a big deal for me the boyfriend begs to differ. House cleaning did an excellent job everyday, much appreciated, always nice to come back to a clean and straightened room after a long day. The air conditioning didn't work and the only option was to open unscreened windows. Why? you ask......it's that time of year and they switched over to the heating system. This was the only downer, everything else we could roll with. With that being said.....if the price is right we would stay their again. It's in a excellent location. Ditka's restaurant is in the hotel, John Hancock building a half a block away, Mag Mile half block, everything else is a cheap taxi ride away a $10-$12 taxi ride hear in Seattle only cost $6.95?!!!! OMG.
Our friends and I were in Chicago for a wedding this weekend. We had a stellar party going down Hancock Park, and she took a view of the adjoining Hancock Park. The rooms in the suite are beautiful, and the staff is kind. We had no problem sleeping in the rooms, but at first we wanted to leave the car and have our bags filled with pets in order to get a bit close to the event. We turned it off because the door was already open, so we had to go up to it and slam the door... NO. It is a tiny room, but there are plenty of chairs, curtains, shower heads, and metal pillows to get you through the day. The living room that I shared with my buddy & I were shocked by when we entered and left didn't seem right either. We proceeded to hit more and more issues.
Had a great stay at Hampton Inn & Suites over the weekend.  The staff was extremely friendly & welcoming.  The rooms were clean and updated.  I would stay there again.We went to Howl @ the Moon for a birthday party and it was super close to that and alot of other bars! I had the best time of my life at Howl. Everyone seemed friendly & super cute. The kids loved the food!
The service was good at first glance but honestly there are some dark spots, like running water. The hotel had a location but none of the restaurants. I walked in and didn't get anything but everything was on point. A little banged up bathroom and some nasty shit on the elevators and some big little rooms in the hotel that I could walk around. The Hotline was a big pain in the ass due to the topper. It even called out to my phone which they just couldn't handle. The concierge was out of town and everyone else on the floor were making hilarious noise, which I'm sure they all heard, so I called their starters. Not a sprightly but a concern. When I called the hotel manager, the concierge said to put his arm around my back and hit me. The concierge is up to no good. We called hotel management. My number was dialed, they were almost hysterical and also declined to provide me a fax. Finally when I told the room manager about the concierge's arm grab, he called back that night. The hotel manager is in hell and you would have no choice but to go to hell. So when I called back to the hallway and asked for the fax, they also refused to take it, which got me to the very second floor and completely flushed the room. Not bad. After checking into the hotel a few times, my entire online history on the location of my room with this hotel is negative. The place is filthy with furniture, paint, and dirty towels. All in all, this is a crappy hotel.
great experience but some points i needed to add: 1. Parking is almost the same as on chain, completely outside the loop 3. Atmosphere was the same from hotel to hotel. Upscale, all-star, chic decor. 4. Parking is the best and dirtiest in the lot. 5. Great views of the surrounding lake and the Amish River. 6. Being part of a fan
Had a great stay at Hampton Inn & Suites over the weekend.  The staff was extremely friendly & welcoming.  The rooms were clean and updated.  I would stay there again.We went to Howl @ the Moon for a birthday party and it was super close to that and alot of other bars!  We went to The Roswell for some toast, then Waffle House for pizza, then away on foot.  Also there was BIG entrance to Buckingham Plaza so everyone could walk across to the church and you could watch a nonstop fireworks show.I was wrong....its a dump.  Litter.  DO NOT WALK IN.This place has no lines at all for me.  I would stay here again.Very poor.(12/7/13)
Really cool spot to stay in. Yes, this place is Racist, but it gets better. I was there once to watch the Yankees play and none of them had a white guest! The reviews were positive and the only problem I have with this place is the parking. The pool is probably a subway transit problem so I would suggest going somewhere else. I asked for valet service and received no response. All of the rooms were bigger than I expected and some had scratches that you could have as well. The name is to attract attention to yourself while you're at work and the beds are literally full. As a young woman in Chicago I often dream of receiving service from a hotel. However, it's extremely rare and is entirely on the condition of a ticket. The staff, service, and amenities are about what I expected.  The bowling alley is, well, not exactly the first bowling alley in Chicago.  Everyone has baggage and does not usually need a boarding pass. The lights in the lobby were very dim. I saw some lady walk over to the front desk and ask where she could find some towels. If she was on a strike it would be one of the horrible things I have ever seen.  Now, the shower was kind of not good but I ended up only showering once.  I'll definitely stay here again.
Had a great stay at Hampton Inn & Suites over the weekend.  The staff was extremely friendly & welcoming.  The rooms were clean and updated.  I would stay there again.We went to Howl @ the Moon for a birthday party and it was super close to that and alot of other bars!  The parking is also a breeze which will make for more fun games.I had to take a cab from my room here in the morning.  Did what I would've liked to have done as my work schedule would've been very short.  For that reason, I decided to make a small reservation for 2 nights at Hampton Inn & Suites.  I booked my room online as a "family-friendly" experience but I couldn't afford to pay extra for the hotels that should've reimbursed me for that trip.  I loved the layout as it's a modern hotel but the rooms were a bit dated and old.  If you want to be sure you want to get more than your reservation cost, check out Grits.  Service also felt a bit dated as there was no Carleton parking available in the lobby and there was a one-way ticket to downtown Chicago.The Grits is located off Interstate at 10th and Michigan.  The parking (which is booked through the Holiday Inn Store in downtown Chicago) was limited so you had to stand in the parking lot by a small train to get in.  This left you holding your head up out of the window and staring at their workers getting ready to put the car there.  It did feel a bit like traveling in a Chicago T-shirt.
What better place to spend an evening than the Marriott Hotel?! Best of all, you can sleep in the hotel if you like!  If you like to sleep in the room, go for the after-work show.  We stayed in bed. Got a huge room, awesome bed, and complimentary stuff. Great shuttle bus service, great sunroof, awesome shower and everything in between! But, would definitely go back to hotel if i wanted to stay somewhere else!If you want to stay somewhere else then you can stay anywhere in Chicago! How about this: We had a huge room, good condition bed, great $15.00 buffet lunch, great location, awesome location on Great Michigan Ave. our room was awesome! We called the hotel to inquire about pricing but the manager there was unfriendly to all our needs
I would give it -100 stars if Yelp would let us, but this hotel is absolutely filthy and in need of MAJOR repairs.  We had significant water damage to the bathroom ceiling, gum stuck inside the air conditioner, a front door that wouldn't close all the way, spiders, bugs, and cobwebs inside and out, and brown dirt coming out of the sink and bathtub faucets.  But here's the best part - we made a reservation two months before staying here for a non-smoking room, but we instead were given a room that REEKED of cigarette smoke, with THREE ashtrays in it, in a hallway that REEKED of cigarette smoke.  To our sheer amusement, there was a sign on the room's front door that said, "non-smoking room."  What a joke.  Oh, and the maids even rearranged our ashtrays for us upon our first day's maid service.  How thoughtful.  When we complained to the front desk less than 15 minutes after checking in, we were told that the hotel was sold out and there was no possibility of being moved to a REAL non-smoking room.  WTF was the point of making a reservation?!?!?  And then, upon checkout two days later, a different woman at the front desk said, "oh yeah, that entire hallway is all smoking rooms."  Gee thanks, might want to change your signage!  Needless to say, we'll be initiating a complaint and a request for full refund with both http://priceline.com and http://ramada.com.  DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!
I would give it -100 stars if Yelp would let us, but this hotel is absolutely filthy and in need of MAJOR repairs.  We had significant water damage to the bathroom ceiling, gum stuck inside the air conditioner, a front door that wouldn't close all the way, spiders, bugs, and cobwebs inside and out, and brown dirt coming out of the sink and bathtub faucets.  But here's the best part - we made a reservation two months before staying here for a non-smoking room, but we instead were given a room that REEKED of cigarette smoke, with THREE ashtrays in it, in a hallway that REEKED of cigarette smoke.  To our sheer amusement, there was a sign on the room's front door that said, "non-smoking room."  What a joke.  Oh, and the maids even rearranged our ashtrays for us upon our first day's maid service.  How thoughtful.  When we complained to the front desk less than 15 minutes after checking in, we were told that the hotel was sold out and there was no possibility of being moved to a REAL non-smoking room.  WTF was the point of making a reservation?!?!?  And then, upon checkout two days later, a different woman at the front desk said, "oh yeah, that entire hallway is all smoking rooms."  Gee thanks, might want to change your signage!  Needless to say, we'll be initiating a complaint and a request for full refund with both http://priceline.com and http://ramada.com.  DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!  I am absolutely disgusted with the "bar" I am actually walking.  I feel like I was reduced to homeless, have been denied service and the culture of everyday commercialism meant to serve young men and women?  A single bad day at my job, waiting for food, lugga
I would give it -100 stars if Yelp would let us, but this hotel is absolutely filthy and in need of MAJOR repairs.  We had significant water damage to the bathroom ceiling, gum stuck inside the air conditioner, a front door that wouldn't close all the way, spiders, bugs, and cobwebs inside and out, and brown dirt coming out of the sink and bathtub faucets.  But here's the best part - we made a reservation two months before staying here for a non-smoking room, but we instead were given a room that REEKED of cigarette smoke, with THREE ashtrays in it, in a hallway that REEKED of cigarette smoke.  To our sheer amusement, there was a sign on the room's front door that said, "non-smoking room."  What a joke.  Oh, and the maids even rearranged our ashtrays for us upon our first day's maid service.  How thoughtful.  When we complained to the front desk less than 15 minutes after checking in, we were told that the hotel was sold out and there was no possibility of being moved to a REAL non-smoking room.  WTF was the point of making a reservation?!?!?  And then, upon checkout two days later, a different woman at the front desk said, "oh yeah, that entire hallway is all smoking rooms."  Gee thanks, might want to change your signage!  Needless to say, we'll be initiating a complaint and a request for full refund with both http://priceline.com and http://ramada.com.  DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!
I would give it -100 stars if Yelp would let us, but this hotel is absolutely filthy and in need of MAJOR repairs.  We had significant water damage to the bathroom ceiling, gum stuck inside the air conditioner, a front door that wouldn't close all the way, spiders, bugs, and cobwebs inside and out, and brown dirt coming out of the sink and bathtub faucets.  But here's the best part - we made a reservation two months before staying here for a non-smoking room, but we instead were given a room that REEKED of cigarette smoke, with THREE ashtrays in it, in a hallway that REEKED of cigarette smoke.  To our sheer amusement, there was a sign on the room's front door that said, "non-smoking room."  What a joke.  Oh, and the maids even rearranged our ashtrays for us upon our first day's maid service.  How thoughtful.  When we complained to the front desk less than 15 minutes after checking in, we were told that the hotel was sold out and there was no possibility of being moved to a REAL non-smoking room.  WTF was the point of making a reservation?!?!?  And then, upon checkout two days later, a different woman at the front desk said, "oh yeah, that entire hallway is all smoking rooms."  Gee thanks, might want to change your signage!  Needless to say, we'll be initiating a complaint and a request for full refund with both http://priceline.com and http://ramada.com.  DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!  From the people at the front desk, I'm very impressed with their professionalism and effort to make these accommodations the way they want them to be.  We don't live in a hotel, so we should expect nothing less, even from a security guard.
I bought my Room the other day when i decided to get a 3 day reservation (a $40/night) and want a great place to sleep from the perspective of living off my $60/night. The rooms were great, adequate lighting, and were very clean with very minimal stains. The service was great too, as always. There was also a second floor Spa. Since my room does not offer bathrobes, I opted for the double DOOLA we had there that night. The parquet floor was a bit oversized, which caused it to tend to flush more easily. The bathroom is free, as is the exercise room. Our room is decent size, has well appointed living areas. The mini pool/novelty bar was really nice, and has the tasteful decor that many downtown restaurants and bars have. They charge for gratuity at the breakfast buffet, but there was nothing I was bothered about since the checkout fee was $15. The price was correct and I would pay at least $50/night.
I thought it was a good hotel for the money. They offered to upgrade our room to a river view for only $10, which we would have done.The hotel was close to a few good restaurants and within walking distance of Trader Joe's, which was a plus!I didn't mind the elevator ride, parking was very easy, and it was a comfortable room. There was a cab always available for us to grab when we needed it, this is a hotel we'd stay in again. Good to know I should upgrade now.
Awesome building, the pool is all there is to it with the walk in closet just a few steps from your bed. Great location, was wondering if they also have a very exclusive club on property. A modern touch, definitely boutique taste. The french doors and the stained glass bar were standard in I guess boutique establishments. At first glance this looks just like Old World Elites halls and I am not going to try to tell you that unless you are a modern person. BEWARE! If you want to stay in a room with a fancy bar with a lot of open and closed windows, this is it. Also, the bed that you are being offered is actually ripped from a U.S. Gold Coast bed. (Great touch, no U.S. Desk King Business Desk for you with a huge mattress, which doesn't look so nice!) A request to have your shower
I stayed here last August and found the pool very cool and spacious. Not much else I'd add. However, if you are looking for a very clean hotel, the Hyatt Regency seems to run an age charge! The room size is not ideal, but not bad. The staff is great, despite the age charge. They're typically pleasant and helpful.
I have had most Chicago's hotels in the Midwest for 15 years. I've stayed here five times over that time, both at the Marriott Chicago Loop (by the river from Chicago to Rockaway) and on Chicago's Okanagan Peninsula. My first two stay at the Hyatt were in my September first-year of immigrating to the U.S. My only regret was the lack of a large room. There was a bed, then nothing. The bed only provided a tiny edge of space to stand on. The furnishings were a little moldy and there was no shower pressure on my right. Another bad design. Even though my name is John from Chicago, I only experience four hotel reservations a year, so I'm very pleased with my experience. The service and amenities were exceptional. My next stay was in the non-descript back room, with nearly no music. Despite the warm air conditioning, my room felt like it was bathed in warm water. I also don't understand why I was not charged for any specific activity outside of traffic (like driving) or staying there overnight. Could the manager use a reasonable price for the parking? Or will this hotel not be hosting a regular Chicago public WiFi event in the early hours of the morning? If this hotel is feeling a little old, don't be surprised if the staff does not want to acknowledge you, your bags, and, maybe, the hotel clerk, until late the night before visiting. Downtown Hyatt would be best served through third-party vendors who wouldn't charge, even if they didn't want the rooms to re-
We stayed at Wostembrenner. I'd had the Grand Mornin' Sous chef for 5 years. The service was great, food was great, the large stage was very cool. Their server really held his own here. He was very polite. They have mini-showers  --in the bathroom, behind the shower, back room, etc.... they also have tshirt shops  (also mini-showers), small and big for the dollar guys. I've always had a great time at this establishment.
Not impressed with Woman Midtown is a good option for the experienced traveler or traveler looking to catch a visit with a history and a friend. The room is small, and seems like it needs many oomphs and a lot of shibboleths. Parking in the garage or the ground floor of the lounge was next to horrible. I could not get around there, either because the front of my garage has a old brown and silver paint job that has fallen out of the older paint job. The rooms in the lot are poorly appointed. The bathroom however has a very clean feeling and looks great. The ceilings in the lounge area are rather small, slightly off center. Even the elevator is slow. The shower hits you between time and about once a shower line runs across your face. It is odd that the water level here stays down after 2 minutes, as the 1/2 size to 1/4 size difference between my speedometer and the lake is so small. The apple flavors here are equally dull and look very lemon colored. I would recommend checking out this hotel if you have access to a place for the ultimate in luxury.
This hotel is very charming, for its beautiful surroundings, excellent service and outstanding views.
The building I stayed at was on West Michigan Avenue. The rooms were nice and modern and the decor was classic.  We will definitely stay here again if I ever need a hotel or bar in Chicago again.
This place is dirty. The bed was terrible and the hotel staff was unhelpful when the room next to us was loud and obnoxious until 3AM. This place needs a major upgrade. There are so many other nice places to stay in Chicago. Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.
I arrived here yesterday and was impressed with the warm and helpful staff.  All I really noticed was that the guest service coordinator on duty was very attentive, and accommodating to my needs.  The room was small, but comfortable. I only had one turn, so I didn't think twice about this location because I needed the toilet.  This could have been a problem if we hadn't booked and had a space adjacent to the bathroom.  The Hotel management can also be very helpful and helpful when I need to make arrangements.  If you are planning a trip to Chicago and would like help dealing with the service, visit the below. This place is located across from the Dining Room in Downtown Chicago.
I just finished my six month stay here in July, but because I have been to a lot of great hotels in Chicago, I figured I'd just give my initial review to friends.  It turned out to be not such a bad decision.  All the rooms, staff, and rooms were warm and clean, all the food in the house was delicious, the lobby was very nice, the rooms were covered in complimentary new towels, and the room itself smelled very nice.  But the room was reserved, quiet, and completely shut off - feeling as if a small window had been smashed into it.  The hotel staff helped me take the elevator to the rooms below the hotel, which did not take long to find a wire connected to the desk in the room to let me know it was closed.  I would rate it 4.00 out of 5.  I checked out the door, went outside to check out the back room, but decided to close it so it would open before I could stop the elevator.  This was the
This place is dirty. The bed was terrible and the hotel staff was unhelpful when the room next to us was loud and obnoxious until 3AM. This place needs a major upgrade. There are so many other nice places to stay in Chicago. Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.
This place is dirty. The bed was terrible and the hotel staff was unhelpful when the room next to us was loud and obnoxious until 3AM. This place needs a major upgrade. There are so many other nice places to stay in Chicago. Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.
This place is trendy and clean. Only one problem. For some reason, when I checked in, the front desk was not open. This is a double entendre right off of French Street! Next time I go, I'll be back for another one of those romantic nights out in the city.
This place is dirty. The bed was terrible and the hotel staff was unhelpful when the room next to us was loud and obnoxious until 3AM. This place needs a major upgrade. There are so many other nice places to stay in Chicago. Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.
This place looked so nice in the 1920s when it was still called The Westin' Room. The walls were old and old fashioned (thanks to the Lodge). A train hit with no warning. A fantastic location in Weston Park (three blocks away). Price of $44 a night! Awesome location!
Amazing. I like The Fitzgerald.  Chicago is small but it is very town-oriented.   Room size was very small. Room service was really poor.  Parking in metro or the subway was extremely slow.  The hotel's "paves" made it hard for a truly rural business experience, and there was no way that I could afford to wait so long for a the latest renovation to make me feel welcome.  For my grandaddy's sake, "not in Chicago".  Great location and great staff.  Keep up the great work!"
I am a Chicagoan, and this was my first time visiting an intimate jazz venue. It took me over 2 hours before I truly figured it out. I'd never had the luxury of watching an intimate jazz concert before, and this was much better than sitting there on my bed, completely isolated. There were no pop music, which was impressive. Besides, if the brass was dull and airy it wasn't such a plus! Oh, and what a plus this place had, too. I would've never stayed in Chicago again.
Dear friend, let's just say this is Chicago. This place is dirty, rude, and absurd.  Don't even get me started on that creepy rooftop view.  The gym is on the second floor, and the river is in the center.  The floor is damp, so it's hard to even touch your phone.  There is barely a hallway for kids to walk around, and you walk too far.  Only the desk chair and the coffee maker looks like a kindergarten class.  I will not be returning to this hotel again.
Everyone at this hotel were impressed with their hospitality, however in hindsight, I would say the drawback was I would rather take a night and not have a great experience as some reviewers mentioned.  The hotel is well located but does offer a bit of a walkway where a parking area might be welcome, but more inconveniently, there were two cars parked there - one next to the off-ramp to the river on the right hand side and another to the right of that off-ramp on the left.  It was just the choice I made.  After going here for a few hours, I could not believe I would be returning.  I was so disgusted I thought I would write a review.  When I said "we are so sensitive to the suggestion" of this hotel, I was treated so poorly and like nothing is more wrong with us than the shower head drain, glass door, closed fridge, unbroken shower curtain, drink with booze in hand and some general attitude towards the people who provide service to us.  Every time we returned, there were our old shoes, clothes and even little shoes that the staff would try to piece together in an effort to find the cheapest one that could be found.  So, let's see... 1. Check in 1. The Hotel Departure: We were unable to make a reservation for the Embassy wedding.  No, we were not returned.  Sorry if you missed this one, but we were back again for another good meal, a wedding.  This time, we found out through a lucky luck charm trick, our card was stolen and the new, original hotel came for our valet.  Even in the Roosevelt Hotel, our key could not be stolen.  Your hotel has security
Beautiful but modern and cozy and comfortable.I work in a bar around here (Vaux), and I like the atmosphere a lot, my coworkers there have a great sense of smell. Great location.This hotel offers modern and modern city views from King traffic, hotels in areas not yet chic have special nature or iron sights, affordable parking, traffic lights etc. Plus great furniture, maybe a little too small. The park is really well maintained, there are people living there to help you catch up.I was traveling through the city searching for a hotel in Downtown Chicago. This place doesn't offer many features, but I love that it's in a major city! Its great in the day,
Our reservation was for 2 people. Two people whom were not a couple. We were given ONE King bed room and told that's all there was. This room was book well in advance but we were treated as if we walked in off the street. This over priced room small as a closet, to make it worse early am I was woken up by the people in the room next to us having sex. I'm no prude but I could not believe the walls were that thin. No worries it was over quick, LOL and I was back to sleep. Getting my car from valet the next day was another story in its self. Bad Hotel, Bad Service!Took me a while to get used to the new hotel but finally got used to the rest of it. Right off the bat it looked as though it was going to be a different ball game. Gonna leave it at that. No replacement so far.
Our reservation was for 2 people. Two people whom were not a couple. We were given ONE King bed room and told that's all there was. This room was book well in advance but we were treated as if we walked in off the street. This over priced room small as a closet, to make it worse early am I was woken up by the people in the room next to us having sex. I'm no prude but I could not believe the walls were that thin. No worries it was over quick, LOL and I was back to sleep. Getting my car from valet the next day was another story in its self. Bad Hotel, Bad Service!
Our reservation was for 2 people. Two people whom were not a couple. We were given ONE King bed room and told that's all there was. This room was book well in advance but we were treated as if we walked in off the street. This over priced room small as a closet, to make it worse early am I was woken up by the people in the room next to us having sex. I'm no prude but I could not believe the walls were that thin. No worries it was over quick, LOL and I was back to sleep. Getting my car from valet the next day was another story in its self. Bad Hotel, Bad Service! The gentleman at the front desk told me to call and they had our server clean the room on the night of our stay. So this hotel is never going to fit the kind of escort we get out of BedStuy when trying to get something done at a discount hotel. Not something to be embarrassed about, this is worst one I have seen in my life. Bussing, they say no and even saying the "4 star" does not mean that when there are no other hotels, the word "star" means that the place is fantastic. SIR!!!  It's just one less thing that COCS Media. I have tried to contact all of the others and they seem to never have the ability to work with me, so I was wondering if my husband and I were "totally out of town" to do this. I have never heard of a couple who have complained to my husband about the room we had booked during our stay, nor have I heard from anyone or any concierges saying that a complimentary room made our entire trip easier. I have had very great reviews and received an excellent size bed for the price and great view. I would also rate this hotel IMMEDIATELY and recommend to anyone looki
Well let me begin with their lack of service. The martini room is pretty awkward, incredibly weird, was the worst thing I've ever experienced in my life, and didn't have the lobby happy. Most recently, they brought me a bike, paid me a higher price than usual for it (by the way, so I can ride public transit, too, that's all). They have been on the lookout for other such scammers all along, so I'll keep you updated on this case in the future. They
Our reservation was for 2 people. Two people whom were not a couple. We were given ONE King bed room and told that's all there was. This room was book well in advance but we were treated as if we walked in off the street. This over priced room small as a closet, to make it worse early am I was woken up by the people in the room next to us having sex. I'm no prude but I could not believe the walls were that thin. No worries it was over quick, LOL and I was back to sleep. Getting my car from valet the next day was another story in its self. Bad Hotel, Bad Service!
I stayed at this place while on a trip to Chicago solely to see major tourist attractions like the Willis (Sears) tower, Shedd Aquarium, Adler Planetarium, Museum, etc. The hotel is walking distance from these places and that way you save time, energy and money. This is a bit further away from O'Hare airport and in early morning rush hour traffic it took us about 2 hours by car. It is connected via train but we did not try that option. The hotel is a bit dated but overall clean and efficient. The rate was very cheap compared to the other top tier hotels in the neighborhood. It is a 2-min walk away from the Roosevelt train station. The front desk clerk Hollie was super nice and let me check in a few hours ahead of check-in time which was super nice of her. Thanks Hollie! She also gave us useful travel tips. The restaurant "Mei's kitchen" right in the hotel building was really good as well - we had a sumptous breakfast there for $10/person. Overall, I am very impressed with this hotel given its proximity to tourist attractions, the lower prices, connectivity via trains, and friendly staff. I highly recommend it.
I stayed at this place while on a trip to Chicago solely to see major tourist attractions like the Willis (Sears) tower, Shedd Aquarium, Adler Planetarium, Museum, etc. The hotel is walking distance from these places and that way you save time, energy and money. This is a bit further away from O'Hare airport and in early morning rush hour traffic it took us about 2 hours by car. It is connected via train but we did not try that option. The hotel is a bit dated but overall clean and efficient. The rate was very cheap compared to the other top tier hotels in the neighborhood. It is a 2-min walk away from the Roosevelt train station. The front desk clerk Hollie was super nice and let me check in a few hours ahead of check-in time which was super nice of her. Thanks Hollie! She also gave us useful travel tips. The restaurant "Mei's kitchen" right in the hotel building was really good as well - we had a sumptous breakfast there for $10/person. Overall, I am very impressed with this hotel given its proximity to tourist attractions, the lower prices, connectivity via trains, and friendly staff. I highly recommend it. For those who don't know of the luxury shuttle service between O'Hare and the airport, that service would cost you $30.00 for the first 30 minutes of your stay. This means that if you traveled to Chicago or Downtown/on a metro-to-to-stay basis, the shuttle would cost $15/min (which is twice the cost of a regular shuttle) and if you stayed 3 nights at a hotel, the rate at which you would pay was $30.00. Here's a very short review on how much you could pay for an average-size room at the tiny lobby on the sixth floor of a downt
I stayed at this place while on a trip to Chicago solely to see major tourist attractions like the Willis (Sears) tower, Shedd Aquarium, Adler Planetarium, Museum, etc. The hotel is walking distance from these places and that way you save time, energy and money. This is a bit further away from O'Hare airport and in early morning rush hour traffic it took us about 2 hours by car. It is connected via train but we did not try that option. The hotel is a bit dated but overall clean and efficient. The rate was very cheap compared to the other top tier hotels in the neighborhood. It is a 2-min walk away from the Roosevelt train station. The front desk clerk Hollie was super nice and let me check in a few hours ahead of check-in time which was super nice of her. Thanks Hollie! She also gave us useful travel tips. The restaurant "Mei's kitchen" right in the hotel building was really good as well - we had a sumptous breakfast there for $10/person. Overall, I am very impressed with this hotel given its proximity to tourist attractions, the lower prices, connectivity via trains, and friendly staff. I highly recommend it.
I stayed at this place while on a trip to Chicago solely to see major tourist attractions like the Willis (Sears) tower, Shedd Aquarium, Adler Planetarium, Museum, etc. The hotel is walking distance from these places and that way you save time, energy and money. This is a bit further away from O'Hare airport and in early morning rush hour traffic it took us about 2 hours by car. It is connected via train but we did not try that option. The hotel is a bit dated but overall clean and efficient. The rate was very cheap compared to the other top tier hotels in the neighborhood. It is a 2-min walk away from the Roosevelt train station. The front desk clerk Hollie was super nice and let me check in a few hours ahead of check-in time which was super nice of her. Thanks Hollie! She also gave us useful travel tips. The restaurant "Mei's kitchen" right in the hotel building was really good as well - we had a sumptous breakfast there for $10/person. Overall, I am very impressed with this hotel given its proximity to tourist attractions, the lower prices, connectivity via trains, and friendly staff. I highly recommend it.
Parked at the Continental Tower. I stayed in the lobby for the event and chose it as my hotel. On your website I mention two things about the place, the menu, and the staff:  Pros:  They're a great restaurant, great atmosphere.  Great views.  Excellent street view.  Clean clothes were not forgotten.  Friendly staff. Cons:  I rarely ever use my cell phone but I know how important a cell phone is.  Food and drinks were cheaper, the bartender was a jerk, and the 'family's' hosted quite a few events. I didn't expect all of that either. Cons:  The E train took about 30 minutes to hop from Michigan Ave. to the University to bring in our friends.  There was a view deck, which was convenient, however not everything about the Chicago skyline was within walking distance of it.  While driving to work or going
This review pertains to actually staying at theWit Doubletree.  As the novelty and shine wears off this hotel (already displaying maintenance UNaddress problems both in rooms and public areas), along with staff that are just doing their jobs; will theWit continue to be rebooked, doubt it.  First and most importantly, theWit should start to realize Diamond Honor Members are the most active loyal REPEAT customer their hotel will book.   If they have no respect for these valuable Hilton members the word will get out and they will go to LOTS of other choices in the city of Chicago.  theWit staff not only turned off this SET of members from ever returning, but makes us question why we are so loyal to Hilton!   We were willing to try to experience what all the buzz was about for a VERY special evening event and theWit TOTALLY let us down from the Front Desk check-in to you name it.  By the way, The Roof bartenders do not know how to make a large variety of drinks correctly, especially for the price.   The wait staff are only interested in serving the younger trying to be hip customers, even to the point of ignoring a hand up in air signal.  Believe us, there are plenty of better views, trendy bars with classy people in attendance!The room size of their regular rooms are nothing to compare to other Chicago hotels.  The square sink is ridiculous and non functional, the shower apparatus needs to be removed and replaced with something that actually functions and gives some water pressure/flow.  Room service is a joke, got order totally wrong after long wait.   Top it off, every hotel we have ever stayed at for a special event has sent some s
This review pertains to actually staying at theWit Doubletree.  As the novelty and shine wears off this hotel (already displaying maintenance UNaddress problems both in rooms and public areas), along with staff that are just doing their jobs; will theWit continue to be rebooked, doubt it.  First and most importantly, theWit should start to realize Diamond Honor Members are the most active loyal REPEAT customer their hotel will book.   If they have no respect for these valuable Hilton members the word will get out and they will go to LOTS of other choices in the city of Chicago.  theWit staff not only turned off this SET of members from ever returning, but makes us question why we are so loyal to Hilton!   We were willing to try to experience what all the buzz was about for a VERY special evening event and theWit TOTALLY let us down from the Front Desk check-in to you name it.  By the way, The Roof bartenders do not know how to make a large variety of drinks correctly, especially for the price.   The wait staff are only interested in serving the younger trying to be hip customers, even to the point of ignoring a hand up in air signal.  Believe us, there are plenty of better views, trendy bars with classy people in attendance!The room size of their regular rooms are nothing to compare to other Chicago hotels.  The square sink is ridiculous and non functional, the shower apparatus needs to be removed and replaced with something that actually functions and gives some water pressure/flow.  Room service is a joke, got order totally wrong after long wait.   Top it off, every hotel we have ever stayed at for a special event has sent some s
This review pertains to actually staying at theWit Doubletree.  As the novelty and shine wears off this hotel (already displaying maintenance UNaddress problems both in rooms and public areas), along with staff that are just doing their jobs; will theWit continue to be rebooked, doubt it.  First and most importantly, theWit should start to realize Diamond Honor Members are the most active loyal REPEAT customer their hotel will book.   If they have no respect for these valuable Hilton members the word will get out and they will go to LOTS of other choices in the city of Chicago.  theWit staff not only turned off this SET of members from ever returning, but makes us question why we are so loyal to Hilton!   We were willing to try to experience what all the buzz was about for a VERY special evening event and theWit TOTALLY let us down from the Front Desk check-in to you name it.  By the way, The Roof bartenders do not know how to make a large variety of drinks correctly, especially for the price.   The wait staff are only interested in serving the younger trying to be hip customers, even to the point of ignoring a hand up in air signal.  Believe us, there are plenty of better views, trendy bars with classy people in attendance!The room size of their regular rooms are nothing to compare to other Chicago hotels.  The square sink is ridiculous and non functional, the shower apparatus needs to be removed and replaced with something that actually functions and gives some water pressure/flow.  Room service is a joke, got order totally wrong after long wait.   Top it off, every hotel we have ever stayed at for a special event has sent some s
This review pertains to actually staying at theWit Doubletree.  As the novelty and shine wears off this hotel (already displaying maintenance UNaddress problems both in rooms and public areas), along with staff that are just doing their jobs; will theWit continue to be rebooked, doubt it.  First and most importantly, theWit should start to realize Diamond Honor Members are the most active loyal REPEAT customer their hotel will book.   If they have no respect for these valuable Hilton members the word will get out and they will go to LOTS of other choices in the city of Chicago.  theWit staff not only turned off this SET of members from ever returning, but makes us question why we are so loyal to Hilton!   We were willing to try to experience what all the buzz was about for a VERY special evening event and theWit TOTALLY let us down from the Front Desk check-in to you name it.  By the way, The Roof bartenders do not know how to make a large variety of drinks correctly, especially for the price.   The wait staff are only interested in serving the younger trying to be hip customers, even to the point of ignoring a hand up in air signal.  Believe us, there are plenty of better views, trendy bars with classy people in attendance!The room size of their regular rooms are nothing to compare to other Chicago hotels.  The square sink is ridiculous and non functional, the shower apparatus needs to be removed and replaced with something that actually functions and gives some water pressure/flow.  Room service is a joke, got order totally wrong after long wait.   Top it off, every hotel we have ever stayed at for a special event has sent some s
How is this considered a 4 star hotel? Please explain....The rooms are so small, no bar in the room, no coffee machine, the room can hardly fit the bed and a small chair in the corner. The gym is even smaller than the rooms...its 100% not considered a 4 star hotel, I would rate it 2.5 or 3 at most.Very disappointed with Hotwire for making  me pay so much for so little. They had great service and with the pricing of what they were giving I just had to understand that I will be left needing that same service. The resort chain (formerly Lushone) was made to look cheap but has since been put back to a bad credit rating. Although the security system is great I think there will be an improvement in this aspect. The suite is magnificent with comfortable bed linens, while the club suite is just gorgeous. Service. Good service, a great decor and even a little service from our pool. Bath is a whole different ballgame with how comfortable our attendants have been! Nice in the dining room! We never really get tired of the service!Shining Art by Okologe.Thank you Okologe, you have an amazing experience in Miami.While we did not come across anything "experiencing" at Hotwire, our experience may be negative.  We did want to avoid the pitfalls of hotels where service is simply not possible, but the hotel management is so incompetent they let us know they would not take that risk.We enjoyed our stay.  I'd highly recommend Hotwire again!
We stayed at an over priced hotel. Couldnt rate it 1 star considering it has been described as the cheapest hotel in the nation. (I believe the reviews stated that the parking is cheaper but it was. Parking is going to cost some money haha).The location is beautiful, has a nice bed and comfy bed in the bathroom, and the shower is an hour away. The only hitch is the old coffee machine is outdated.Overall, a big thanks to people who help out with this con..and overall....only I can hope that the discounts and breakfast vouchers will make some people feel like this hotel is a part of the Cubs/hockey family?
How is this considered a 4 star hotel? Please explain....The rooms are so small, no bar in the room, no coffee machine, the room can hardly fit the bed and a small chair in the corner. The gym is even smaller than the rooms...its 100% not considered a 4 star hotel, I would rate it 2.5 or 3 at most.Very disappointed with Hotwire for making  me pay so much for so little.They  barely come with free drinks (4g, 12oz, etc.), it takes the internet forever to get out of your way, and the condition of the rooms (as old as the second floor!?!?) is atrocious.Took my air conditioning out and gave it 2 stars, although it was the third or fourth star.
Bad idea of using the bathroom they advertised in the website about a night, and used them about 6 hours before my room closed at 5:20pm. -One, were talking about the "power of gut feeling" I just had here... My room didn't feel like it was modern, clean, and all-American.  Also, their water rate does not compare to the website for Hyatt and W Hotel... so far as we can tell, their attitude towards water runs so thin. It looks like you're getting a tub on tap, without the bathroom, in the middle of the night...Maybe the wifi is weird, or maybe it's just their location. Stayed until 7:45pm.  That's 10:45pm all night.  Still need to go to the H "Club" for a change to my room...it was really nice looking!
Awesome hotel. Location is fantastic...there is shopping, restaurants, train lines & bus lines all around. The rooms are huge, breakfast is really good & the staff is amazing. One of my favorite places in Chicago.
My girlfriend & I stayed here this weekend to see a movie and to take photos of various locations. First we checked out at the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Midtown Chicago. We didn't mind the price for the rooms: while we were there, the room was more than double that. But the sweet part is the cleaning is amazing! It's not like my wife and I found a taxi - a taxi driver will offer to charge us on the spot! Next up for us were the Hotel's downtown. Before we left I asked how they do their public bath. The hotel staff immediately showed us how to do it. Before we could even begin, we heard the shower humming, as if some kind of earthquake were happening. The rooms were gorgeous, and very small - about four blocks apart from the lobby. It was a really nice, clean and functional hotel! If this is going to stay at the Hyatt Regency it needs to be. Don't miss out on the chance to see The Thing!
Awesome hotel. Location is fantastic...there is shopping, restaurants, train lines & bus lines all around. The rooms are huge, breakfast is really good & the staff is amazing. One of my favorite places in Chicago.
Awesome hotel. Location is fantastic...there is shopping, restaurants, train lines & bus lines all around. The rooms are huge, breakfast is really good & the staff is amazing. One of my favorite places in Chicago.
Ooooh, a great old style hotel. This is a top notch hotel. The staff and decor are all good. There was a blast stay with our food. It has a "real" Michigan Avenue feel. The staff and decor are well thought out. The beds are comfortable as hell (which does not mean they are staying as comfortable as I thought they would). Also, the wifi is a good and speeds are a little slow. Will definitely stay again, I will go back.
This is a phenomenal place in downtown Chicago! There are many great places to explore in downtown Chicago. Especially at the Ritz Carlton Hotel. I thought I would mention that because of the Queen Anne Hotel, but there is something about the sense of calm and quiet to such an hour! The lobby has great view of the city and the Strip. All things considered, stay here.
Awesome hotel. Location is fantastic...there is shopping, restaurants, train lines & bus lines all around. The rooms are huge, breakfast is really good & the staff is amazing. One of my favorite places in Chicago. Oh, and I'll give it 2 stars because the breakfast may be too much for you.
Had an awesome stay at the W Marriott in Chicago. I've never stayed there before.  This place is fresh and clean. The staff was incredible! I didn't think this was such a waste of room space and there is nothing to see besides a small movie room (which is rather small!). I was impressed with the menu and the rest of the hotel's food/service. First, the seafood was awesome! And secondly, the great food here was definitely worth it. Most sushi bars are located on the second floor and so we never got tired of going there! I don't mind snacking during the night for sushi.  Rooms are slightly loud so I feel like you have to not be loud. The service was awesome and I'll definitely stay there again!
One of the better hotels in town and one of the most popular. Great location, modern and clean. The parking is $50 a day (at moment there's free parking). (stay here if you have a 50 mile drive limit).
We found Avenue hotel on a bargain hotel website for a spur-of-the moment trip to Chicago. We found it to be within walking distance of the Magnificent Mile and a very good rate, so we decided to go for it. Normally we can't afford a decent hotel within the city, but I guess we got lucky. When we arrived at the Avenue hotel we loved the sophisticated but not stuffy decor and we were warmly greeted with a smile and a warm welcome from the doorman, who quickly assisted us with our luggage.  Our room was very clean and well-kept. My husband thought it was a bit small, but in the city, that's to be expected.  I found it to be comfortable and pleasant.  I was excited to try the bed since it seemed that is what every other review mentioned and we were not disappointed at all!  The best darn night of sleep ever.  When staying at the Avenue Hotel you are in walking distance of some really great restaurants and shopping, no need to have a car while staying here. The hotel overall was very impressive, especially for the bargain we got it for.  All in all, I would definitely stay at the Avenue Hotel when visiting Chicago, bargain or no bargain at all.
Room I've been staying at for a few weeks now. Pretty quiet outside, very tidy bed (4 beds), shower to go with the staff, and downstairs super comfy, very small TV. It would not be a very warm city if I stayed here...but given the size of this hotel we'd rather be staying in the middle of nowhere, and the price.  I wouldn't hesitate to get a room in the Chicago range which could either be very comfortable or extremely expensive.
We found Avenue hotel on a bargain hotel website for a spur-of-the moment trip to Chicago. We found it to be within walking distance of the Magnificent Mile and a very good rate, so we decided to go for it. Normally we can't afford a decent hotel within the city, but I guess we got lucky. When we arrived at the Avenue hotel we loved the sophisticated but not stuffy decor and we were warmly greeted with a smile and a warm welcome from the doorman, who quickly assisted us with our luggage.  Our room was very clean and well-kept. My husband thought it was a bit small, but in the city, that's to be expected.  I found it to be comfortable and pleasant.  I was excited to try the bed since it seemed that is what every other review mentioned and we were not disappointed at all!  The best darn night of sleep ever.  When staying at the Avenue Hotel you are in walking distance of some really great restaurants and shopping, no need to have a car while staying here. The hotel overall was very impressive, especially for the bargain we got it for.  All in all, I would definitely stay at the Avenue Hotel when visiting Chicago, bargain or no bargain at all!
My boyfriend and I stayed at 4 spots in the Augusti to 3 months for 3 nights together! The hotel was spacious, trendy and conveniently located in the historical South Loop.  It was the ideal hotel for the professional and young travelers, couples, or long distance travelers. Our hotel room was close to the coffee machine, which is an awesome thing when you have a Starbucks! All in all a great place to catch up on the town activities and stay overnight! Parking at the hotel was free!
We found Avenue hotel on a bargain hotel website for a spur-of-the moment trip to Chicago. We found it to be within walking distance of the Magnificent Mile and a very good rate, so we decided to go for it. Normally we can't afford a decent hotel within the city, but I guess we got lucky. When we arrived at the Avenue hotel we loved the sophisticated but not stuffy decor and we were warmly greeted with a smile and a warm welcome from the doorman, who quickly assisted us with our luggage.  Our room was very clean and well-kept. My husband thought it was a bit small, but in the city, that's to be expected.  I found it to be comfortable and pleasant.  I was excited to try the bed since it seemed that is what every other review mentioned and we were not disappointed at all!  The best darn night of sleep ever.  When staying at the Avenue Hotel you are in walking distance of some really great restaurants and shopping, no need to have a car while staying here. The hotel overall was very impressive, especially for the bargain we got it for.  All in all, I would definitely stay at the Avenue Hotel when visiting Chicago, bargain or no bargain!
We found Avenue hotel on a bargain hotel website for a spur-of-the moment trip to Chicago. We found it to be within walking distance of the Magnificent Mile and a very good rate, so we decided to go for it. Normally we can't afford a decent hotel within the city, but I guess we got lucky. When we arrived at the Avenue hotel we loved the sophisticated but not stuffy decor and we were warmly greeted with a smile and a warm welcome from the doorman, who quickly assisted us with our luggage.  Our room was very clean and well-kept. My husband thought it was a bit small, but in the city, that's to be expected.  I found it to be comfortable and pleasant.  I was excited to try the bed since it seemed that is what every other review mentioned and we were not disappointed at all!  The best darn night of sleep ever.  When staying at the Avenue Hotel you are in walking distance of some really great restaurants and shopping, no need to have a car while staying here. The hotel overall was very impressive, especially for the bargain we got it for.  All in all, I would definitely stay at the Avenue Hotel when visiting Chicago, bargain or no bargain. If you can make a reservation to go somewhere that doesn't need to be expensive it will be a great deal.
Didn't like the Regency room before (it was too old), we will be staying at this resort next year.   I will be staying here again this year after the wedding because I had a room originally intended for us.  The Comfort Inn was really cool and was clean, modern.  We chose the Valet instead of the Bath & Sink which is a bit odd considering it is the hotel that has many luxury rooms on the Plaza Road in the Chicago suburbs.  You can only stay there from the lobby to the lobby and you can find rooms in the bellhops for less than $200.  The room was clean, modern, and the decor was outstanding. I would stay here again and would recommend Valet as an option.
I booked the Hilton Garden Inn online prior to my first-ever trip to Chicago.  I wasn't really sure what I would get.  I'll break it down on what I liked and what I disliked.Likes:  Great location!  Walking distance to the subway, loads of shopping, dining and bars.  Very comfy beds with an adjustment switch for softer or firmer.  Spacious rooms.  Nice price.  Super friendly valets and bellman.  Text to valet service.  Soda machines on every floor.  Excellent city views.Dislikes:  Awful construction immediately outside the hotel.  Rude concierges.  Pricey "Pavillion Pantry."  Outrageous parking costs.  $39 a day for self-park or $45 a day for valet.  The rental car was almost not even worth it.  No free shuttle services.I loved the valets.  If you text down to them 5 minutes before leaving, more often than not your car was there waiting for you.  Also, they didn't creepily stand around begging for a tip.  Spending $45 a day for valet PLUS tipping EACH time would have just been too much.  I tipped the final day.  If you needed a cab, the bellman would hail it for you.If I came back, I would probably stay at the Hilton Garden Inn again; however, I think I was expecting just a "little bit more" because it had the name Hilton.  One of the last things I will say about the Hilton Garden Inn is the food selection; however, I'm not sure that there was anything I would have liked more.  This place has some top quality options too--I enjoyed the Smokey Buddha ($11), the tower, the Diner. If you are a fan of hotels that treat a customer like dirt, this place is for you.  The location means you get to stay on the street and shop at the restaur
I booked the Hilton Garden Inn online prior to my first-ever trip to Chicago.  I wasn't really sure what I would get.  I'll break it down on what I liked and what I disliked.Likes:  Great location!  Walking distance to the subway, loads of shopping, dining and bars.  Very comfy beds with an adjustment switch for softer or firmer.  Spacious rooms.  Nice price.  Super friendly valets and bellman.  Text to valet service.  Soda machines on every floor.  Excellent city views.Dislikes:  Awful construction immediately outside the hotel.  Rude concierges.  Pricey "Pavillion Pantry."  Outrageous parking costs.  $39 a day for self-park or $45 a day for valet.  The rental car was almost not even worth it.  No free shuttle services.I loved the valets.  If you text down to them 5 minutes before leaving, more often than not your car was there waiting for you.  Also, they didn't creepily stand around begging for a tip.  Spending $45 a day for valet PLUS tipping EACH time would have just been too much.  I tipped the final day.  If you needed a cab, the bellman would hail it for you.If I came back, I would probably stay at the Hilton Garden Inn again; however, I think I was expecting just a "little bit more" because it had the name Hilton.  I had not anticipated even a bit more, nor a big dinner out of the hotel.  Oh, and if I had to admit it, I'm still in the business of making the most out of a deal.  Never mind that the deal was meant to be just $20 a day for 21 days for you.Thank you to Martin Lusardi for giving me the elevator, and our friends for showing up early for drinks and singing along with the bar.Trevor Drewham is currently the Execut
I booked the Hilton Garden Inn online prior to my first-ever trip to Chicago.  I wasn't really sure what I would get.  I'll break it down on what I liked and what I disliked.Likes:  Great location!  Walking distance to the subway, loads of shopping, dining and bars.  Very comfy beds with an adjustment switch for softer or firmer.  Spacious rooms.  Nice price.  Super friendly valets and bellman.  Text to valet service.  Soda machines on every floor.  Excellent city views.Dislikes:  Awful construction immediately outside the hotel.  Rude concierges.  Pricey "Pavillion Pantry."  Outrageous parking costs.  $39 a day for self-park or $45 a day for valet.  The rental car was almost not even worth it.  No free shuttle services.I loved the valets.  If you text down to them 5 minutes before leaving, more often than not your car was there waiting for you.  Also, they didn't creepily stand around begging for a tip.  Spending $45 a day for valet PLUS tipping EACH time would have just been too much.  I tipped the final day.  If you needed a cab, the bellman would hail it for you.If I came back, I would probably stay at the Hilton Garden Inn again; however, I think I was expecting just a "little bit more" because it had the name Hilton.  It probably wouldn't be that bad.  It would have been great to travel here again, but I'm getting a little tired of getting chased around by two "factions."Don't expect to be a professional traveler.  While I appreciated the hotel's location, the company was big on braggadocio.  I thought it was big and weird, but my attention was trained on the Michigan Avenue Inn.  I actually booked the Michigan Avenue Inn onl
I booked the Hilton Garden Inn online prior to my first-ever trip to Chicago.  I wasn't really sure what I would get.  I'll break it down on what I liked and what I disliked.Likes:  Great location!  Walking distance to the subway, loads of shopping, dining and bars.  Very comfy beds with an adjustment switch for softer or firmer.  Spacious rooms.  Nice price.  Super friendly valets and bellman.  Text to valet service.  Soda machines on every floor.  Excellent city views.Dislikes:  Awful construction immediately outside the hotel.  Rude concierges.  Pricey "Pavillion Pantry."  Outrageous parking costs.  $39 a day for self-park or $45 a day for valet.  The rental car was almost not even worth it.  No free shuttle services.I loved the valets.  If you text down to them 5 minutes before leaving, more often than not your car was there waiting for you.  Also, they didn't creepily stand around begging for a tip.  Spending $45 a day for valet PLUS tipping EACH time would have just been too much.  I tipped the final day.  If you needed a cab, the bellman would hail it for you.If I came back, I would probably stay at the Hilton Garden Inn again; however, I think I was expecting just a "little bit more" because it had the name Hilton.  I had expected a small addition to the suite that would turn out to be a bit extra for $40, but here we are, at $28 a night, more than offset by having to pay more hotel staff and city maintenance. (FYI: for you Chicagoites out there, I made a wedding toast and my friends requested a complimentary Valspar coffee - I'd like to enjoy that barter as well.)Pros:- Lovely spot in the heart of Chicago. Nice hotel lobby
good thing I came to this place for a couple of reasons. I love Chicago. It is only two blocks from downtown and I enjoy walking and biking (with all of the friendly staff I know!). I also am pretty hard working. There is one thing that you can do on the first day it is. Adopting our hotel room, a guest gave us a chocolatier that we had never used before! The chocolate fountain on the first floor is really sweet, the room is high and we took advantage of that. Everything we did was delivered immediately, there was a great feeling of privacy we never felt from the downstairs rooms. I gave them my all. If you are looking to live like me, that's the place for you. And if you come to Chicago to vacation, I think it's safe to say that you won't go wrong with this hotel. -Woooh
While going thru the file gate I was asked if there was anything wrong with the room. No one said a word about it. The room was extremely nice. The decor was a bit expensive. I ended up getting $15 for a small dresser and a small card reader. Additionally, I got a room floor service fee of $70. I was presented with a card that said that they had a staff that included professional guests and they said that the rooms were nice and unique. If the guests were from outside, they would be friendly, but not rude. Check out the Internet (thanks to The Wedge!) for answers. Although it was a less than stellar hotel, there was one thing I liked about the hotel.I know many people rave about the cozy rooms and suites and I usually don't get
One weekend here we had a male customer come by and make a reservation for his wife's wedding. When we arrived we were told that they were unhappy with the service. She told us that she always makes reservations, but had never complained. The venue seemed kind of small, but not out of the ordinary. Not to mention the crappy breakfast it provided our guests. This was my first time seeing the Hotel. While I am fond of Vegas, it does not have a family setting, and the lady I met at the door seemed a bit rattled and had a variety of different reservations from nonresidents looking to get away. She did not seem pleased with the selection of hotels for our party and did not seem interested in connecting with the hotel staff at all. There were a lot of common points across the street. I felt like the hype about our wedding was far behind us and, given our history, I felt like I was way behind the times. But the problem is that the hotel does not have a decent living room, elevator, bathroom, or bathtub.  The location is a bit unfair because the staff are as busy as the hotel staff and the people that get together for drinks and visits for sales/arrive are not doing a very good job of keeping you company or accomodating you to arriving upon your arrival. I know many people that have been to this hotel (when they first saw it, it was listed for $350). The Suites, which is unique to this brand and has everything you'd expect (their suite for free with a $100 deposit), gets pretty dated...although I wouldn't go as far as to rate this hotel if you were
Beautiful interior decorating,  located downtown only a few blocks away from millennium park and TONS of shopping and eating. walking distance to an all-stops train stop, so it's super convenient if you need to get somewhere else in the city. the staff was fairly friendly and helpful and there is a nice bar/restaurant downstairs.fair warning (as with most semi-expensive hotels), nothing is free. Valets are waiting for you as soon as you pull up to the hotel, but the parking is about 50 dollars a day.overall it's a nice hotel, but the last 2 days of our trip my friends and i stayed at a travelodge which was actually closer to the park, to the train stops, about twice as large and much much much cheaper. by the way, once we got in, this place was empty...no signs of their entire personnel.its just cheaper to get in and do nothing, and it's okay and no one ever points the finger in front of your face.at one point we had to leave after saying "free parking". "Nice, too good to be true" we were told.after five hours we finally got out. We think the entire hotel was actually giving us back our money (my sister and I later made $10/night to stay there!), but our room was not on the floor.not worth the $15 price of the motel and the WIFI security, or the one offsite fire-extinguisher.if you have any complaints, call (209) 657-4060 or email floyd@leapflap.com.tl;dr:- Travelocity advises against staying here, for security reasons:- They are charging I presume to carry out certain charges, which is entirely below the actual use cost of the hotel, by the way.- Stayering now, old members?Fohrenheit is cheaper than staying there, which is fine.
Beautiful interior decorating,  located downtown only a few blocks away from millennium park and TONS of shopping and eating. walking distance to an all-stops train stop, so it's super convenient if you need to get somewhere else in the city. the staff was fairly friendly and helpful and there is a nice bar/restaurant downstairs.fair warning (as with most semi-expensive hotels), nothing is free. Valets are waiting for you as soon as you pull up to the hotel, but the parking is about 50 dollars a day.overall it's a nice hotel, but the last 2 days of our trip my friends and i stayed at a travelodge which was actually closer to the park, to the train stops, about twice as large and much much much cheaper. the rooms are serene and very nice, but still give me the feeling that the rooms are haunted and they have no control over what happens in them, and my rooms were being replaced by an apartment and not a housekeeping center.  oh yeah this would also be a cheap hotel if there wasn't room "temporary" breaks available. all in all i will stay here again.
Our experience was very positive, with some small but truly significant renovations to our front desk located on the back of the venue site (in our room)! Although most of the renovation staff and vendors were very friendly, very pleasant and professional, most customers were extremely patronizing. The front desk was extremely helpful and professional. My large iPod performed flawlessly at music playing. The hotel itself was decorated
Beautiful interior decorating,  located downtown only a few blocks away from millennium park and TONS of shopping and eating. walking distance to an all-stops train stop, so it's super convenient if you need to get somewhere else in the city. the staff was fairly friendly and helpful and there is a nice bar/restaurant downstairs.fair warning (as with most semi-expensive hotels), nothing is free. Valets are waiting for you as soon as you pull up to the hotel, but the parking is about 50 dollars a day.overall it's a nice hotel, but the last 2 days of our trip my friends and i stayed at a travelodge which was actually closer to the park, to the train stops, about twice as large and much much much cheaper. I do recommend staying there when visiting the winter areas, if you stay here again...if you can't decide to go to another room they might not be for you.
We spent a huge amount of money getting a big suite.  When I called and booked it, they gave me one price.  When we showed up, they tried to charge me several hundred more.   I ended up getting the quoted price, but what a pain. Our main room was too dark, so we asked for a few lamps to be delivered to when we were going out for the evening. When we returned, there was just one more table lamp, and placed on the floor!  Then we discovered the TV didn't work.  When we called to report it, the first question was, "Is it plugged in?"  Did they think we were idiots?  Even if they thought we were, when your guest pays that kind of money, you just say you will send someone right up.  As it turned out, the TV was broken.  There were some loose hardware pieces in one of our bathrooms, too.  Granted, it's an old building and that is part of its charm, but they should make sure all the screws are tight.  It went down after a national chain hotel bought it, that is for sure. I'll let them know how you feel about this.
We spent a huge amount of money getting a big suite.  When I called and booked it, they gave me one price.  When we showed up, they tried to charge me several hundred more.   I ended up getting the quoted price, but what a pain. Our main room was too dark, so we asked for a few lamps to be delivered to when we were going out for the evening. When we returned, there was just one more table lamp, and placed on the floor!  Then we discovered the TV didn't work.  When we called to report it, the first question was, "Is it plugged in?"  Did they think we were idiots?  Even if they thought we were, when your guest pays that kind of money, you just say you will send someone right up.  As it turned out, the TV was broken.  There were some loose hardware pieces in one of our bathrooms, too.  Granted, it's an old building and that is part of its charm, but they should make sure all the screws are tight.  It went down after a national chain hotel bought it, that is for sure.
We spent a huge amount of money getting a big suite.  When I called and booked it, they gave me one price.  When we showed up, they tried to charge me several hundred more.   I ended up getting the quoted price, but what a pain. Our main room was too dark, so we asked for a few lamps to be delivered to when we were going out for the evening. When we returned, there was just one more table lamp, and placed on the floor!  Then we discovered the TV didn't work.  When we called to report it, the first question was, "Is it plugged in?"  Did they think we were idiots?  Even if they thought we were, when your guest pays that kind of money, you just say you will send someone right up.  As it turned out, the TV was broken.  There were some loose hardware pieces in one of our bathrooms, too.  Granted, it's an old building and that is part of its charm, but they should make sure all the screws are tight.  It went down after a national chain hotel bought it, that is for sure.  By the way, if you don't want to take your kids to an American chain hotel, make sure you don't have the equipment, plates, and other items you'll be getting anywhere near the hotel.  Your business is located here, so spend some money and keep your traveling American dream alive.  If you can't find a chain hotel in Michigan, here's a street walk you can take to get to Chicago.
We spent a huge amount of money getting a big suite.  When I called and booked it, they gave me one price.  When we showed up, they tried to charge me several hundred more.   I ended up getting the quoted price, but what a pain. Our main room was too dark, so we asked for a few lamps to be delivered to when we were going out for the evening. When we returned, there was just one more table lamp, and placed on the floor!  Then we discovered the TV didn't work.  When we called to report it, the first question was, "Is it plugged in?"  Did they think we were idiots?  Even if they thought we were, when your guest pays that kind of money, you just say you will send someone right up.  As it turned out, the TV was broken.  There were some loose hardware pieces in one of our bathrooms, too.  Granted, it's an old building and that is part of its charm, but they should make sure all the screws are tight.  It went down after a national chain hotel bought it, that is for sure.  Maybe we'll be hearing more about this from online hotels/restaurants?
There is no such thing as a cheap, easy hotel here, even a chicago one. Chicago is a great city, save for some crazy parking! But I guess that's the problem with comparing this place to anything else in the Midwest. Priced at an incredible $1600 per night. Plus, you can easily locate a hotel lobby through Bell tower for the half a mile outside of Chicago. Even though I will admit that we booked from outside of Chicago to avoid the rude, annoying Castle Tower customers, we were impressed with the deal in all four hotels. The rooms were comfortable, clean, and rooms were spacious. The first two rooms, which I found helpful, were bigger than average for
Great hotel in downtown Chicago!Stayed at the Avenue Crowne Plaza in October and had a great time!  Right in the heart of downtown close to everything you need to do.  Rooms are spacious and they have these really cool theme rooms -I got the Tech room which came with a computer..printer which made it convenient for me.  They have a bar on the 40th floor that gives great views of Chicago.  Food is artfully presented, staff is very friendly.  Oh and I LOVE the zebra chairs.I'll be back to the Avenue hotel on my next trip to Chicago for sure.Stayed the entire month (which was lovely and had the greatest view of the Chicago skyline) with excellent business and service from both front desk and front office staff. Highly recommended!
Great hotel in downtown Chicago!Stayed at the Avenue Crowne Plaza in October and had a great time!  Right in the heart of downtown close to everything you need to do.  Rooms are spacious and they have these really cool theme rooms -I got the Tech room which came with a computer..printer which made it convenient for me.  They have a bar on the 40th floor that gives great views of Chicago.  Food is artfully presented, staff is very friendly.  Oh and I LOVE the zebra chairs.I'll be back to the Avenue hotel on my next trip to Chicago for sure.Great Location -Nice decor!!!! Art deco.  We had a great time, food great (only give us 5 stars), and room service awesome.
Loved the Location! I recently booked my new City Decor room and as I had the Blue Bell of Chicago theme hotel bedding, I thought I'd try a few things. First, I wanted to get a Luxury Room which was more akin to Luxury, than I was used to from downtown Chicago. I wasn't expecting anything more. The City Dec
Great hotel in downtown Chicago!Stayed at the Avenue Crowne Plaza in October and had a great time!  Right in the heart of downtown close to everything you need to do.  Rooms are spacious and they have these really cool theme rooms -I got the Tech room which came with a computer..printer which made it convenient for me.  They have a bar on the 40th floor that gives great views of Chicago.  Food is artfully presented, staff is very friendly.  Oh and I LOVE the zebra chairs.I'll be back to the Avenue hotel on my next trip to Chicago for sure.
Need some help finding a hotel? Check out Hotel4Get.com  Found it in the North downtown, with a great location.  Location: This hotel is currently serving breakfast, lunch and dinner service to clients at the top of Avenue Plaza.  The room has a large bathtub, huge mirrors, mini towels, a thermostat, several open  TV's, a shower and couches with guest seating and plenty of air conditioners.  It is comfortable. The king size bed with warm armchair seating can stay overnight. The towels are in short supply. Parking is an issue, however.  Make sure you're not charged in advance of your arrival.  We had trouble seeing through the door as far as we were concerned. However, check out Westin' Run.com to get there, they're currently in the process of being renovated for the downtown location.  When you arrive, your check-in is on, and the room and map are still available online.  The rooms are super clean and clean.  Well worth it.  Just beware if you are planning on staying in another hotel
Great hotel in downtown Chicago!Stayed at the Avenue Crowne Plaza in October and had a great time!  Right in the heart of downtown close to everything you need to do.  Rooms are spacious and they have these really cool theme rooms -I got the Tech room which came with a computer..printer which made it convenient for me.  They have a bar on the 40th floor that gives great views of Chicago.  Food is artfully presented, staff is very friendly.  Oh and I LOVE the zebra chairs.I'll be back to the Avenue hotel on my next trip to Chicago for sure.
If you like it this place, then go.This is the closest room I have found anywhere for my wedding to Chicago. I booked a suite at this hotel at 1 hour and 15 minutes from the lobby and was lucky enough to have the suite and curtains before 5:30pm.  It was wonderful! This is one of my favorite hotels in Chicago.  You pay the usual business rate, there is a family sized room, and a built in tv.  It was a no-brainer to stay.I will definitely stay here again.  Breakfast was exceptional.  It was excellent but I would not recommend it if you are planning a party.
Beautiful! A lovely location with quaint fixtures. Would probably go again. Prices start at $45 a night, especially if you live nearby.  The bar area is charming. You are left alone with your friend in the dark and taken to the lobby and seating area. The concierge, tama musteur, doesn't have a fan either but is friendly, courteous and helpful when it comes to ordering drinks.  Walking distance to Starbucks. Then, getting back to Starbucks, one of the bartenders makes it easy for you to drink and then sharing your martinis to all of the other
Not worth the price, even a little bit.A week prior to scheduled check-in, receiving an email for a room upgrade and accepting, of course, upon arrival, nobody knows about it. Typical. After nobody was doing anything about it, I notified them of this stay's review will be posted on the newly-developing TheChicagoCritic. Com, all of a sudden they figured out the problem and even offered an early check-in. Too little, Too late.Very small room with 2 queens instead of the "Select King" I was supposed to have. Windows didnt open, TV took forever to change channels and the bathroom fan was not controllable.The faboulous Lodge Net system that every hotel in the world uses for ease of checkout for guests, well there was no check out feature.This shit hole couldn't hold a candle to the Las Vegas Hard Rock! I WILL NEVER USE THIS THREAT!My stay was extremely important to the Chicago Hotel Group, who performed so well in the augee four-star hotel market. I was impressed with the elegant elegance and the hotel experienced great service in terms of catering and allowing guests to share personal space. We came across a nice W Free Standard Desk for free.  The "Standard" in the room gave guests access to a huge, cool fridge. It was awesome!  This kind of thing needs to be inspected at least once a week.  They seem to be getting over their "orders" at the bar, but I am not one to wait forever to get one. No, I don't have any other hotel in the country that gets the original Time Credo like Chicago. My previous experience with the and Wilshire didn't help either.
Not worth the price, even a little bit.A week prior to scheduled check-in, receiving an email for a room upgrade and accepting, of course, upon arrival, nobody knows about it. Typical. After nobody was doing anything about it, I notified them of this stay's review will be posted on the newly-developing TheChicagoCritic. Com, all of a sudden they figured out the problem and even offered an early check-in. Too little, Too late.Very small room with 2 queens instead of the "Select King" I was supposed to have. Windows didnt open, TV took forever to change channels and the bathroom fan was not controllable.The faboulous Lodge Net system that every hotel in the world uses for ease of checkout for guests, well there was no check out feature.This shit hole couldn't hold a candle to the Las Vegas Hard Rock!Overall, with no help from The ChicagoCritic, I guess they're just lazy. It's a shame I finally discovered the original problem, but just the idea of returning to their "free" version at hotel water parks is downright sad. I think what they really thought was a great idea (and again this is after a basic hotel review) is now a waste of time.
I was lucky enough to see the wedding in Chicago. I've never been to a great downtown Chicago wedding but I absolutely loved the reception. I highly recommend checking out the uber hotel for wedding planning, service, corporate and outdoor fun!
Not worth the price, even a little bit.A week prior to scheduled check-in, receiving an email for a room upgrade and accepting, of course, upon arrival, nobody knows about it. Typical. After nobody was doing anything about it, I notified them of this stay's review will be posted on the newly-developing TheChicagoCritic. Com, all of a sudden they figured out the problem and even offered an early check-in. Too little, Too late.Very small room with 2 queens instead of the "Select King" I was supposed to have. Windows didnt open, TV took forever to change channels and the bathroom fan was not controllable.The faboulous Lodge Net system that every hotel in the world uses for ease of checkout for guests, well there was no check out feature.This shit hole couldn't hold a candle to the Las Vegas Hard Rock!
Not worth the price, even a little bit.A week prior to scheduled check-in, receiving an email for a room upgrade and accepting, of course, upon arrival, nobody knows about it. Typical. After nobody was doing anything about it, I notified them of this stay's review will be posted on the newly-developing TheChicagoCritic. Com, all of a sudden they figured out the problem and even offered an early check-in. Too little, Too late.Very small room with 2 queens instead of the "Select King" I was supposed to have. Windows didnt open, TV took forever to change channels and the bathroom fan was not controllable.The faboulous Lodge Net system that every hotel in the world uses for ease of checkout for guests, well there was no check out feature.This shit hole couldn't hold a candle to the Las Vegas Hard Rock!The Bed has no lights or gym walls.  One of the elevators even shoves all over the floor at night.  Not enough room or bathroom to clean the place, the rooms are incredibly dirty.  They have plenty of baths, but not enough to treat your sweat or gasps of pleasure.The Blue Orchid Room has a very complete privacy.  Quiet because you cant hear the floor, or hear the bed being scrubbed, and has a nice view of the pool.  There is no couch to look at. It has a small stove and coffee maker.  You dont get to drink coffee, but you have to put that shut open from your top. The gym is full, not because they don't care if it's not for you or not.  The pool isn't big enough to clean out your room, but there is still something.Dude is this hotel worth every penny!  Burned hair and acne red flesh even though it's beautiful?  When guests say that they lo
Loved this Chicago hotel When in Chicago, I spent two nights at the Avenue Hotel, and enjoyed it. I got a room on the 20th floor looking over the Magnificent Mile.  Very quiet hotel considering the prime location, and I am sensitive to noise. The room was big for a downtown city hotel and plenty of space for 2 people, even in the bathroom! The room was clean, obviously newly refurbished, and of high standard - love the Zebra chair, what a cool touch!  The staff all around the hotel especially at the entrance were extremely helpful with baggage, ordering taxis, and giving advice on sites to see and restaurants to try. I found the staff refreshing and polite.  The Avenue is situated just steps from the Magnificent Mile and definitely within walking distance (weather pending) from some of downtown Chicago's hot spots.  If the shopping is your first priority, exclusive shops are just around the corner. If I am to visit Chicago again, I would stay at this hotel again.
Loved this Chicago hotel When in Chicago, I spent two nights at the Avenue Hotel, and enjoyed it. I got a room on the 20th floor looking over the Magnificent Mile.  Very quiet hotel considering the prime location, and I am sensitive to noise. The room was big for a downtown city hotel and plenty of space for 2 people, even in the bathroom! The room was clean, obviously newly refurbished, and of high standard - love the Zebra chair, what a cool touch!  The staff all around the hotel especially at the entrance were extremely helpful with baggage, ordering taxis, and giving advice on sites to see and restaurants to try. I found the staff refreshing and polite.  The Avenue is situated just steps from the Magnificent Mile and definitely within walking distance (weather pending) from some of downtown Chicago's hot spots.  If the shopping is your first priority, exclusive shops are just around the corner. If I am to visit Chicago again, I would stay at this hotel again!
Great service, clean, and memorable location. Great location to live, play, and rest. Great value!
Loved this Chicago hotel When in Chicago, I spent two nights at the Avenue Hotel, and enjoyed it. I got a room on the 20th floor looking over the Magnificent Mile.  Very quiet hotel considering the prime location, and I am sensitive to noise. The room was big for a downtown city hotel and plenty of space for 2 people, even in the bathroom! The room was clean, obviously newly refurbished, and of high standard - love the Zebra chair, what a cool touch!  The staff all around the hotel especially at the entrance were extremely helpful with baggage, ordering taxis, and giving advice on sites to see and restaurants to try. I found the staff refreshing and polite.  The Avenue is situated just steps from the Magnificent Mile and definitely within walking distance (weather pending) from some of downtown Chicago's hot spots.  If the shopping is your first priority, exclusive shops are just around the corner. If I am to visit Chicago again, I would stay at this hotel again!
I first stayed at Hyatt Regency, as a guest of the king (and son of a very nice co-worker) & also as a kind and needed doormen in my life. The rooms are loud & comfortable, but i only stayed because there was plenty of room to go out of the way & have fun. The service was superb and the menu was incredibly fresh & convenient, simple and clean. The room size was 6x6, and it was priced $20/night. However, because of the busy schedule, they made it sound like they are trying to drive you downtown because of the long wait times, plus the outstanding guest lists.  The room selection is small, but the staff is very accommodating & accommodating.  They made sure you were assigned an apartment or a hotel within walking distance of any of the residences they were hosting, the answer was no.  If you are feeling frisky, like me, and need to stay overnight, the room will be right across from your home (if you want a motel). Although you can dress at the hotel a little differently, there is a standard general room space not available at the hotel. I will not recommend Hyatt Regency Hyatt Regency Hyatt Regency Hyatt Regency Hyatt Regency Hyatt Regency Hyatt Regency... I am 24 years old and I wanted a safe, cool location. I had reservations for the hotel when it opened in 2012
Loved this Chicago hotel When in Chicago, I spent two nights at the Avenue Hotel, and enjoyed it. I got a room on the 20th floor looking over the Magnificent Mile.  Very quiet hotel considering the prime location, and I am sensitive to noise. The room was big for a downtown city hotel and plenty of space for 2 people, even in the bathroom! The room was clean, obviously newly refurbished, and of high standard - love the Zebra chair, what a cool touch!  The staff all around the hotel especially at the entrance were extremely helpful with baggage, ordering taxis, and giving advice on sites to see and restaurants to try. I found the staff refreshing and polite.  The Avenue is situated just steps from the Magnificent Mile and definitely within walking distance (weather pending) from some of downtown Chicago's hot spots.  If the shopping is your first priority, exclusive shops are just around the corner. If I am to visit Chicago again, I would stay at this hotel again.
Nice little location and great food here. Pretty much every other bed I had was booked to a room at $40 a night plus $100 for breakfast. Every other star. So busy, despite the price. Nice, courteous staff and  pleasant rooms. Maybe it's just me.  Excellent restaurants, trendy decor. Would stay again.
I am a Kimpton Hotel in touch member and became one specifically because of the incredible service and LOVE I feel when I travel on business to Chicago.  What an incredible property full of architectural beauty and old world charm.  But, more important, is concierge level of service you recieve from all of the Burnham staff.  From the desk to the doormen to the restaurant everyone makes you feel totally special and at home.  And here is the bonus. This is a pet friendly property.  Since I cannot travel with my dog when on business I so enjoy seeing other guests pets whenI stay here.  AND, there is a wine reception everyday where many guest come to enjoy a nice glass of complimentary wine and bring their dogs for all to enjoy.  I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE  this place and would recommend it to anyone if they are traveling to Chicago on business or pleasure.  Kudo's all around for excellence in hospitality.
For my Saturday/s, this place is a joke, but not unpleasantly so. Why can't we stay here? They offer wonderful bathrooms, outdoor seating, neat bar, and zippy elevators all with all new gadgets at the end of the day. One drawback to this is that the sign above the lock-up shows a sign that says people must stay in their rooms for 36 hours! I agree this was to make the hotel look nicer and convenient. The front desk manager didn't even check in my room to make sure that my keys were working. I didn't have to worry about missing any major meetings and accommodations so I ended up running for the door. Thank god
Here's a thought..this is why you never buy property at hotels/elitist companies..those are the sites that are much cheaper.  In the majority of places I've checked out, this is because I have a rather small (but important) room.  I had a good experience here with the owner yesterday, but it wasn't in a big way.  The furnishings in this room were very clean and the decor (and mind games) were solid.  Not that the rooms were unattractive.  It is a very nice hotel and far from awful.
I am a Kimpton Hotel in touch member and became one specifically because of the incredible service and LOVE I feel when I travel on business to Chicago.  What an incredible property full of architectural beauty and old world charm.  But, more important, is concierge level of service you recieve from all of the Burnham staff.  From the desk to the doormen to the restaurant everyone makes you feel totally special and at home.  And here is the bonus. This is a pet friendly property.  Since I cannot travel with my dog when on business I so enjoy seeing other guests pets whenI stay here.  AND, there is a wine reception everyday where many guest come to enjoy a nice glass of complimentary wine and bring their dogs for all to enjoy.  I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE  this place and would recommend it to anyone if they are traveling to Chicago on business or pleasure.  Kudo's all around for excellence in hospitality.
I am a Kimpton Hotel in touch member and became one specifically because of the incredible service and LOVE I feel when I travel on business to Chicago.  What an incredible property full of architectural beauty and old world charm.  But, more important, is concierge level of service you recieve from all of the Burnham staff.  From the desk to the doormen to the restaurant everyone makes you feel totally special and at home.  And here is the bonus. This is a pet friendly property.  Since I cannot travel with my dog when on business I so enjoy seeing other guests pets whenI stay here.  AND, there is a wine reception everyday where many guest come to enjoy a nice glass of complimentary wine and bring their dogs for all to enjoy.  I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE  this place and would recommend it to anyone if they are traveling to Chicago on business or pleasure.  Kudo's all around for excellence in hospitality.
I got the Tower Hotel's accomodating suite with our hotel room set up a few years ago.  It was okay, as was its hotel room! The very rooms are luxurious, clean and comfortable.The only difference is in the size of the curtains.  This room is up and completely covered with our room and felt nothing at all from our laptops.  They did just that with our second floor, 2" smaller room, bathtub it's a guest bath tub only half filled!The room has one 8" hole in the wall which needs to be removed!The previous reviewers thought it was a bit cramped, but I figured otherwise. If you do not like overcrowding, then this hotel is for you!  This review is from my local hotels, and you can expect all the best features from both the hotel and the Amazons. They do have a free mini spa in the lobby, and a place to park your car outside the car door.I received my Luxury Platinum suite from Travelocity at the price of $200 for two rooms.  The suite was extremely spacious and took in more than all my needs. I worked full-time in hotel management, so this suite will definitely be my mainstay in Chicago.  The hotel itself has wonderful staff (Dave Lafferty, myself, Christopher Edelman, Eric, Chris Decker, Graham Wolff, Validation),
I thought the elevators were not that bad but for having to know their settings, overall you are glad you chose the Plaza. I felt like someone was helping people when they chipped in a $500 fine for not staying here!One thing I really liked was the cleanliness and bar space. The front desk customer service on the third floor is exceptional, was extremely helpful, brought a bunch of hydrants and coffee, they had a sushi bar where everyone could try
Awesome hotel!!!  Great location and great rooms!  The views were amazing!  I went there for a meeting in the hotel and we stayed there as well.  All of my 9 colleageus from across the nation had a wonderful time as well and kept on complimenting the hotel in our meetings.  The meeting rooms have great views as well if that is relevant.  On top of all this I requested for a firm pillow because of a bad neck and it was the best pillow I have ever slept on.  I called the executive houskeeper so that I could get the info on the manufacturer and he said "I'm glad you liked and just keep it!!!"  He gave me the pillow for free....now who does that!.Only downside to the hotel is the elevators are a little slow.Overall just a wonderful experience!I really enjoyed staying here a couple of months ago.  The modern style could have worked better without the luxury, but the rooms are wonderful, wonderful decor and the staff were nice.  The rooms were close to having the popular beach (which is often hot in the area), and the property was extremely clean. I recommend this hotel for every trip that has to take place in the city.
Great location, great service! Yes, we're from Wisconsin and it is located in our 20-minute drive to get there. I didn't come here for a walk-in, I was there to have lunch, check in and enjoy a nice night's sleep. While the price of my stay there was impressive - there's a post office or 2 nearby. They have parking available, and other hotel options here. So this was all worth it.
Awesome hotel!!!  Great location and great rooms!  The views were amazing!  I went there for a meeting in the hotel and we stayed there as well.  All of my 9 colleageus from across the nation had a wonderful time as well and kept on complimenting the hotel in our meetings.  The meeting rooms have great views as well if that is relevant.  On top of all this I requested for a firm pillow because of a bad neck and it was the best pillow I have ever slept on.  I called the executive houskeeper so that I could get the info on the manufacturer and he said "I'm glad you liked and just keep it!!!"  He gave me the pillow for free....now who does that!.Only downside to the hotel is the elevators are a little slow.Overall just a wonderful experience!  Great location and great customer service!
We stayed in Chicago together in August 2011. Our two guests needed time to travel around the city to find their ideal hotel and to stay at some great venues. We did not have room for anything or wouldn't use it again, however after arriving in Chicago, I highly recommend you get some downtown coffee. We stayed at a place called North American Starbucks. We were ordered a 45 minute hotel stay, they didn't even serve drinks, only offered us coffee with $9.95 and even offered us the opportunity to be paid $45 for the special 'country' drinks. This isn't a great deal, for the overall number of rooms it offered, but at just $45.00 a person would have an incredible suite of rooms in the heart of the city. It was quite a value, right down to the upstairs floor. Their bars were gorgeous, the restaurants are brilliant, the gym is small, but it was very relaxing. The hotel was well maintained. They brought this hotel to us to give us a go at one of their top rated restaurants which we couldn't afford at the time.  And the women and children were very friendly, full of enthusiasm, polite and understanding.  Oh the things we saw. Also, this hotel didn't offer drinks at all, nor do they offer room service. What the heck, this might be the cheapest hotel in the city.
Cons: Pros: The room looks very dated. Its big and so expensive. Room number 1888-37 was old and underused. Spacious full size bed. Music equipment was loud and dark. Very small staff. Old furniture and furniture i do not recall. Guest was topless. Alt-corner internet is seriously hot. Room offers a big parking lot. The hard drives were missing. Rooms were nice and clean. Rooms are called "rugby". Bathrobe inadequate. Large pool  Lacks water pressure. Crown mold doesn't pop out a crack. Most of the bar was covered with hair. Atmosphere humid and very unique. I stayed on the First Avenue so I wanted to do nothing but enjoy the sun, stay warm. Didn't get to eat at the food court. Staff/security they didn't seem to be educated about new plumbing. Rooms were not booked on site. I called the hotel but they said, "we have no problems with reservations." We were very disappointed in the hotel but will always stay here.
My husband and I just got back from a 5 day stay in Chicago. We were looking forward to a great stay at an interesting boutique hotelbut were unfortunately very disappointed. The rooms were so small and lacked comfort and personality. The staff were slow and unprofessional. As we entered the elevator, two employees... were very obviously wrapping up a drug deal and laughed uncomfortably when they saw us. Room service food was cold and tasteless. If I could get a refund, I would still feel like I wasted 5 nights in a beautiful city. Priceline rated this a 3 1/2 stars?!?! Doubtful. The only positive point of our stay were the very helpful doormen. They were wonderful. I would strongly suggest avoiding this "boutique" hotel and staying at one of the many other fine hotels in Chicago. I went to San Francisco State and that was a very pleasant experience. Don't expect any better.
My husband and I just got back from a 5 day stay in Chicago. We were looking forward to a great stay at an interesting boutique hotelbut were unfortunately very disappointed. The rooms were so small and lacked comfort and personality. The staff were slow and unprofessional. As we entered the elevator, two employees... were very obviously wrapping up a drug deal and laughed uncomfortably when they saw us. Room service food was cold and tasteless. If I could get a refund, I would still feel like I wasted 5 nights in a beautiful city. Priceline rated this a 3 1/2 stars?!?! Doubtful. The only positive point of our stay were the very helpful doormen. They were wonderful. I would strongly suggest avoiding this "boutique" hotel and staying at one of the many other fine hotels in Chicago.
My husband and I just got back from a 5 day stay in Chicago. We were looking forward to a great stay at an interesting boutique hotelbut were unfortunately very disappointed. The rooms were so small and lacked comfort and personality. The staff were slow and unprofessional. As we entered the elevator, two employees... were very obviously wrapping up a drug deal and laughed uncomfortably when they saw us. Room service food was cold and tasteless. If I could get a refund, I would still feel like I wasted 5 nights in a beautiful city. Priceline rated this a 3 1/2 stars?!?! Doubtful. The only positive point of our stay were the very helpful doormen. They were wonderful. I would strongly suggest avoiding this "boutique" hotel and staying at one of the many other fine hotels in Chicago.
My husband and I just got back from a 5 day stay in Chicago. We were looking forward to a great stay at an interesting boutique hotelbut were unfortunately very disappointed. The rooms were so small and lacked comfort and personality. The staff were slow and unprofessional. As we entered the elevator, two employees... were very obviously wrapping up a drug deal and laughed uncomfortably when they saw us. Room service food was cold and tasteless. If I could get a refund, I would still feel like I wasted 5 nights in a beautiful city. Priceline rated this a 3 1/2 stars?!?! Doubtful. The only positive point of our stay were the very helpful doormen. They were wonderful. I would strongly suggest avoiding this "boutique" hotel and staying at one of the many other fine hotels in Chicago.
This hotel is 2 doors from the train, and across the street from a 24-hour pancake house that is very popular.  The staff is very helpful.  The rooms are small but clean.  It is an european botique style hotel--small, but big on location and service.   I will definitely be returning this time to Chicago and looking for a more modern feel to the East Coast.
This hotel is 2 doors from the train, and across the street from a 24-hour pancake house that is very popular.  The staff is very helpful.  The rooms are small but clean.  It is an european botique style hotel--small, but big on location and service.   I will definitely be returning.
I have the perfect top of the tower Tower Hotel and enjoy everything in between. I booked a room here and it was unimpressive. I felt horrible. The entire room was wrapped in duct tape, dirt and what could possibly be a mildewy odor. I had to stand on the floor and work out all of the different smells in the room. The rooms are large enough that I would NOT recommend staying in another building unless I am very close to a hotel.  This is also the best reason I stayed here.  For a cheaper rate - why should I expect great value?
N/A - Don't book in advance unless you need a room that can accommodate half a king sized bed or a queen size bath. I stayed here a week ago, for the 45 minute walk to the gorgeous old Wind River/One Lenny area of downtown Toronto and the trip took place over two months.I had a wonderful experience. When I walked in the front door, the layout did not allow me to change rooms. Room service was slow and people had no idea they were walking past.The bathtub was dirty. This place is tiny, to compare to the other hotels I have been to in Michigan.Came here on vacation and had to clean my room. Housekeeping messed with my back from the outside, helped me a lot.This hotel's decor is on par with other contemporary boutique hotels that I have visited in Chicago.It is absolutely atrocious.  I used to write reviews of other hotels with poor living conditions and "experiences" but since this one felt like "old friends" came and took a look around, I started to get hate mail, but the hotel is great. I went to Chicago recently because I wanted an experience (I don't get write-ups from hotels with one downside or another). This makes me feel that the travel dream is worth it, however.
This hotel is 2 doors from the train, and across the street from a 24-hour pancake house that is very popular.  The staff is very helpful.  The rooms are small but clean.  It is an european botique style hotel--small, but big on location and service.   I will definitely be returning to Chicago, but am in the middle of a very busy road trip.
Great hotel. We stay at the Marriott Hotel in Crown Plaza. Don't expect great amenities.  The staff is very nice and can be a little unhelpful.  We were hoping for an elegant and clean room. Most rooms are comfortable, but have some moldy areas, and some hard edges. In addition, we had a busy hour when traveling from the city, and we feel like the only people I'd expect to feel off were the hotel lobby attendants. But again, they're all awesome and helpful, and this time they should know better! If you're going to stay in a Topaz experience, try Marriott Downtown. Topaz is a great place to see great places to stay. Topaz has everything you need in the hotel: amazing bars, live music, bowling & more. In addition, this is another area with attractive walking
This hotel is 2 doors from the train, and across the street from a 24-hour pancake house that is very popular.  The staff is very helpful.  The rooms are small but clean.  It is an european botique style hotel--small, but big on location and service.   I will definitely be returning.
I am here because my family stayed in this Hotel. Although I didn't appreciate the price, it was worth it! The rooms were very comfortable, with excellent hotel service. Check out the pictures below for more of their work.  The rooftop lobby is really nice, bright, and loud. I went to the pool in case I needed to switch the water but it was a little inconvenient due to my room being directly below the building.  The pool made my trip a bit more confusing. The room service in this hotel was ok, but there was a lot of noise, not conducive to our conversation.  I really enjoyed the view from the river and lake!If you need help with any kind of allergies or on-reservation reservations, they have provided a free two-day allergy check-in (we do not need one).
I am coming here for some good things, but the lobby seems to have made a terrible impression on my mind. The lobby is messy, the decor is faded, the decor is both douchey and woolly. I'm not sure what I would have gotten here, but once I do, I'll make sure to check the time before I go. Oh and lastly, the rooms aren't great either. Will definitely come back!
One of the cheapest hotels in downtown Chicago.  If you need a place to sleep and not much else then this is for you.  The rooms are small and the walls paper thin.  You hear everything which forced me to explain some sounds coming from next door to my 6 year old.  Not the conversation I wanted.  The place was clean for the most part but the hotel shows its age and there are virtually no amenities.  There is free wifi but it is sooo slow.  The attached restaurant is so bad it's almost funny.  Avoid it at all costs.  Right next to the fire pit is the biggest bad the staff has ever worked at.  I am now missing all my inner club kids because they did not like the parking.If you find yourself in this hotel not being able to come out of bed here is your chance.  If you're wondering the S'mores area is left completely open for the kids to play and it is going to look like a nightmare if your coming down the elevator.  There are no parking signs or boarding passes around, and once you get here you can basically park anywhere and enjoy your time in this mini-terrible hotel.  But if you opt for a bit more of a vacation then maybe you'll enjoy some of the view and some of the other excellent views at The Traveler.  If you're not into hotels, then leave at once and get on down south.<|endoftext|>
One of the cheapest hotels in downtown Chicago.  If you need a place to sleep and not much else then this is for you.  The rooms are small and the walls paper thin.  You hear everything which forced me to explain some sounds coming from next door to my 6 year old.  Not the conversation I wanted.  The place was clean for the most part but the hotel shows its age and there are virtually no amenities.  There is free wifi but it is sooo slow.  The attached restaurant is so bad it's almost funny.  Avoid it at all costs.  The Internet is a pain in the ass.
i enjoy this hotel room but i understand their reviews, so if you have an issue with the Room service go to the noise that sometimes goes down. the management is rude, disrespectful, rude, rude and as such they pay bad prices at $300 a night which is for a big room i have stayed in!  sure that would stay it but when they say they are shocked by how much a noise it can make to the room i am absolutely amazed!!
One of the cheapest hotels in downtown Chicago.  If you need a place to sleep and not much else then this is for you.  The rooms are small and the walls paper thin.  You hear everything which forced me to explain some sounds coming from next door to my 6 year old.  Not the conversation I wanted.  The place was clean for the most part but the hotel shows its age and there are virtually no amenities.  There is free wifi but it is sooo slow.  The attached restaurant is so bad it's almost funny.  Avoid it at all costs.
What a turn-on!  Long past the busiest stop in downtown for indoor fitness and pool.  Chicago' next stop for these, the Cracker Barrel and Rockin' Deli.  Clean, cosy and cozy, but not as trendy as its surrounding stops on Main Street.  The menu is ridiculous and small.  The pet store is nice, but there's nothing spectacular about them.  A reservation for $200+ is ok, but a wedding reception or visit would be fine.  The place is messy, but after seeing the Facebook comments or seeing all of the other negative reviews of the downtown, I wanted a replacement hotel.  It was quite a ride from the Cracker Barrel to the Popeyes' in hours.
Ditto for other motel on the block. The Restaurant on the block is located in the trendy historic Downtown Mall, but at first glance looks like a nightclub on a friday night. The staff members are simple, polite, nice, and generous. First thing to note is that the location on the map is not very impressive. Only three hotel chains with Chicago-shaped, major cities also had 6-20 rooms within walking distance of each other. Their big pick? Chicago. Also within walking distance of Union Station. Within walking distance was all your motel! Best of luck to the Chicago Cubs for this miserable waste of
One of the cheapest hotels in downtown Chicago.  If you need a place to sleep and not much else then this is for you.  The rooms are small and the walls paper thin.  You hear everything which forced me to explain some sounds coming from next door to my 6 year old.  Not the conversation I wanted.  The place was clean for the most part but the hotel shows its age and there are virtually no amenities.  There is free wifi but it is sooo slow.  The attached restaurant is so bad it's almost funny.  Avoid it at all costs.
Room is incredibly large. The carpet is just a little disappointing...too thin and too ugly. If that is a complaint, then I would not complain!  It's a little dusty in the middle of the day. Also, it has a price tag on the nights. I am not a fan of the Milwaukee Short Walk (which, by the way, isn't THAT bad) either, but would definitely leave the Milwaukee Avenue.
One of Chicago's ritziest hotels; definitely wouldn't mind staying here again. The place has everything you need - bar, restaurant, ect. The room service is excellent. The rooms are immaculate, no bed bugs here. :)  The staff is also very professional and polite. I would recommend this place if you're looking for a clean and affordable hotel. A way to celebrate your city's birthday.
I stayed here a couple months back and felt bad about leaving and all the things I took away were in plain view of the hotel staff. They were quick, efficient, and have a great feel to them. I felt bad that I couldn't walk a few blocks in the direction of Chicago, because it was the middle city.  Yet here is a hotel with lots of room, food, and service. They did everything, everyone has a bar, restaurants, and the lobby was incredibly clean. The hotel itself is a huge improvement from the average Midwestern 3 star hotel on this site. However, I would highly recommend this hotel if you want to visit Chicago or the suburbs. I am not one to stay here for the weekend.
My parents had moved to this place with one of the people there... they all agree with me... other than the aconita reviews. No reason to complain here, they just had too much fun in front of everyone. My room was full of jewels, beds, mirrors, many chairs, computer and fan grills, lots of chairs and beds. No very nice room, with the curtains and the "ear" facing left/right. The decor, especially the accents, was very retro. The 1st bedroom was beautiful...I enjoyed the view all the way up from the corner to the top! The lobby was very welcoming to all. I could not have asked for better service at the front desk, view on the roof on my hotel bed, or the corporate headquarters at a church all within walking distance. Everyone in the room loved it and we had a great time. Thank God for so many great options when
The marble bathrooms are ok. In Chicago, in general, the city is the best place to sit for a long weekend. Walking in is typically a good idea, but I feel more comfortable in walking out if the view isn't at the other end of the street. The hotel did a great job of that for me. The  spa seemed to really feel like home, and was very nice and efficient. It took only 15 minutes to walk to the  Willamette atrium, which is a lovely experience if you spend more than two or three nights
The owner is not impressed with hotel staff.  The room rate is in an upscale luxury.  I have fallen in love with this hotel before.  As a repeat visitor, I encountered it on a Saturday night, at a crowded, almost unicycle-friendly club.  No matter how much I try to make up for the inconvenience, the window says "no" (or "no" at the end of my sentence).  The first floor bathroom looks a little like a take-out-your-snacks, but takes a decent amount of effort to clean.  Unless you look more at Marriott than you might as an adult, my experience is that you go to a Ritz Carlton and expect a modern house.  Of course, the photos of the renovated suite will prove your personal worst nightmare.  I did not think the girls in the older room would be polite.  No matter, the location may be a tad confusing for you.   The bathroom doesn't look as good as the Ritz Carlton did for me, but it's still a good deal.  Make your room!  I'll be sure to book a room online.
My boyfriend and I arrived at our hotel in Chicago on an outdoor weekend night. We loved it, but I have reservations for other non-self sustaining hotels throughout the Midwest.  We plan on coming back if we can.  Overall, I would rate this hotel 4 stars.  The room service is good. The staff is friendly. The staff would usually turn up for work. The staff is friendly and helpful.  Parking was a little pricey and parking lots were wide. I found parking on Rte 233 and Rte 1628 on Rte 1 just outside the lobby, but it is free.  However, I do see a problem if I can't pay with a credit card for someone else to park.
This hotel has all the amenities I expect from any American hotel.  I stayed here 2 nights prior to my stay at Gigi's Mansion Hotel in East Chicago. It is one of the nation's leading contemporary hotel chains and the only one not to cater to almost everyone.  For $200 a night, I would expect everything you could want, all within easy walking distance of the theater and shops.  I would never leave if it weren't for this hotel. The hotel offers no chargebacks and is equipped to meet the needs of city and county planners.My wife and I stayed in March, 2010 for one of our first business meetings. We were quite enthusiastic and pleased with the service we received.  There is so much stuff to do, so we had to work in Chicago long and hard.  The crew and equipment was incredible, the amenities were high quality and convenient.  This is the only hotel I have stayed in that doesn't charge you an advance deposit for reservation.  And for its price, we would recommend it.
$150/night. Valet parking is $40 a night! The elevator is a block away!  Parking outside the hotel is a nightmare, and the worst part is they NEVER DO NOT let people within the hotel parking by morning!  Parking goes away for about 20 minutes after dark in the morning, then the next morning again. I'm into the cool late summer because I LOVE 4-5 people, but parking can be a nightmare. Just walking a block to an alley with your car and driving off to restaurants and bars just for entertainment and shopping is going to get you drunk and noisy.  Parking will never be pleasant in the Hotel Chicago.  You get what you pay for!
We stayed in July, 2011 for 3 nights. Okay, meant to say just a few comments and this ended up being much more...I will admit that I was a little worried we were too "casual" of a couple to stay there. No need to worry. There was a diverse group of people that stayed there - business travelers, young people, "my age" range and thankfully older, people in jeans or shorts or dressed to the nines. We wanted a hotel w/o kids, and found it. I know how that sounds, I have older kids and this was our much deserved getaway so did not want to be surrounded by kids of any age!Location was excellent! It was within walking distance of restaurants, Magnificent Mile, etc. There is a small parking lot right next to the hotel but runs about $40 per night. It is valet parking and unlimited exits w/o extra charges. Very nice hotel, though we didn't get a chance to visit the spa, bar, club or restaurant. Some other reviewers complained about noise from the club, but we didn't hear anything and we were on the 22nd floor. Loved our room! We had the Cozy King, we booked too late to get the Corner King. It didn't matter, the windows are floor to ceiling and it was wonderful, not disappointing. Great views as well. Big fan of the B&W Zeppelin iPod dock! Great addition to the room. Glad to see the hardwood floors in the room (there was carpet as well), perfect for those who are a little eek-ish about walking barefoot in a hotel room. Also loved the bathroom and shower. There is no door on the shower so water does seem to spray everywhere. Not really a gripe, but as we were checking out the fridge and beverages, someone before us had already opened the Voss
We stayed in July, 2011 for 3 nights. Okay, meant to say just a few comments and this ended up being much more...I will admit that I was a little worried we were too "casual" of a couple to stay there. No need to worry. There was a diverse group of people that stayed there - business travelers, young people, "my age" range and thankfully older, people in jeans or shorts or dressed to the nines. We wanted a hotel w/o kids, and found it. I know how that sounds, I have older kids and this was our much deserved getaway so did not want to be surrounded by kids of any age!Location was excellent! It was within walking distance of restaurants, Magnificent Mile, etc. There is a small parking lot right next to the hotel but runs about $40 per night. It is valet parking and unlimited exits w/o extra charges. Very nice hotel, though we didn't get a chance to visit the spa, bar, club or restaurant. Some other reviewers complained about noise from the club, but we didn't hear anything and we were on the 22nd floor. Loved our room! We had the Cozy King, we booked too late to get the Corner King. It didn't matter, the windows are floor to ceiling and it was wonderful, not disappointing. Great views as well. Big fan of the B&W Zeppelin iPod dock! Great addition to the room. Glad to see the hardwood floors in the room (there was carpet as well), perfect for those who are a little eek-ish about walking barefoot in a hotel room. Also loved the bathroom and shower. There is no door on the shower so water does seem to spray everywhere. Not really a gripe, but as we were checking out the fridge and beverages, someone before us had already opened the Voss
We stayed in July, 2011 for 3 nights. Okay, meant to say just a few comments and this ended up being much more...I will admit that I was a little worried we were too "casual" of a couple to stay there. No need to worry. There was a diverse group of people that stayed there - business travelers, young people, "my age" range and thankfully older, people in jeans or shorts or dressed to the nines. We wanted a hotel w/o kids, and found it. I know how that sounds, I have older kids and this was our much deserved getaway so did not want to be surrounded by kids of any age!Location was excellent! It was within walking distance of restaurants, Magnificent Mile, etc. There is a small parking lot right next to the hotel but runs about $40 per night. It is valet parking and unlimited exits w/o extra charges. Very nice hotel, though we didn't get a chance to visit the spa, bar, club or restaurant. Some other reviewers complained about noise from the club, but we didn't hear anything and we were on the 22nd floor. Loved our room! We had the Cozy King, we booked too late to get the Corner King. It didn't matter, the windows are floor to ceiling and it was wonderful, not disappointing. Great views as well. Big fan of the B&W Zeppelin iPod dock! Great addition to the room. Glad to see the hardwood floors in the room (there was carpet as well), perfect for those who are a little eek-ish about walking barefoot in a hotel room. Also loved the bathroom and shower. There is no door on the shower so water does seem to spray everywhere. Not really a gripe, but as we were checking out the fridge and beverages, someone before us had already opened the Voss
We stayed in July, 2011 for 3 nights. Okay, meant to say just a few comments and this ended up being much more...I will admit that I was a little worried we were too "casual" of a couple to stay there. No need to worry. There was a diverse group of people that stayed there - business travelers, young people, "my age" range and thankfully older, people in jeans or shorts or dressed to the nines. We wanted a hotel w/o kids, and found it. I know how that sounds, I have older kids and this was our much deserved getaway so did not want to be surrounded by kids of any age!Location was excellent! It was within walking distance of restaurants, Magnificent Mile, etc. There is a small parking lot right next to the hotel but runs about $40 per night. It is valet parking and unlimited exits w/o extra charges. Very nice hotel, though we didn't get a chance to visit the spa, bar, club or restaurant. Some other reviewers complained about noise from the club, but we didn't hear anything and we were on the 22nd floor. Loved our room! We had the Cozy King, we booked too late to get the Corner King. It didn't matter, the windows are floor to ceiling and it was wonderful, not disappointing. Great views as well. Big fan of the B&W Zeppelin iPod dock! Great addition to the room. Glad to see the hardwood floors in the room (there was carpet as well), perfect for those who are a little eek-ish about walking barefoot in a hotel room. Also loved the bathroom and shower. There is no door on the shower so water does seem to spray everywhere. Not really a gripe, but as we were checking out the fridge and beverages, someone before us had already opened the Voss
The Wit is a high priced JOKE!!!  The only thing that partly redeemed my total opinion were the HOPS!!  No microwaves???? Really???  The cheapest hotels have them, why not the WIT??  I attended a Wedding and stayed at the Wit, I should have stayed somewhere else!  I was SOOO, not impressed, and will never stay there again, even if it's free!  More like Dim Wits!!!  I finally figured out a hotel, thought I was having a bad night, but thought the Hilton won't let me stay on it!Great place, every Saturday, all I have been to is one/two nights, after dark.  And when I showered, we can hear their cars in the distance.  Totally no warmers in those rooms, haha!!What is your take?  I highly recommend the Guesthouse, for everything other than decorating!!
Nice location! However, one thing I am very disappointed by was the bathroom, it's obviously too small for my liking and I thought it was one of those places that seems to sell out every 10 minutes. I ordered a second set which included room sink, bathtub and shower, it didn't take forever to finally bring it to us, luckily we were able to choose between the two because they both were smaller sizes. Since I'm an extremely sensitive person and I know what I'm getting into, it must be partly due to the placement of a toddler, as if I were trying to sleep alone or in a corner. Thanks for the offer
I stay here to enjoy the Chicago experiences. It is to the west of the 1st and 14th Ave. Interior is beautiful - but overall nice...it's an easy walk to discover. On a recent trip, we stayed at the 75's hotel. Each room was a little different, the beds are big, some were thin, there was nothing wrong with the carpeting, and the pool was one of the many spa rooms we stayed in a yelp-like location a couple of blocks away. Overall, our stay was well worth it for this spot!!!  Staff  were very friendly, positive, and were enthusiastic about staying here. You may not have heard of the Chicago Marriott, but they get called a lot often for their hotels.  These two hotel partners were excellent if you want to stay in the city or in Chicago!  It took us 45 minutes from Chicago to VFW to take our shopping.  The Hotel Valet has great retail shops and discounts in several shopping districts (the Train, Marriott Inn, Art Institute Plaza), and even has FREE manicure, bath & Spa (the Cabernet Spa has all of the above!).
Really nice room. Closes out my shower in front. Inside the shower curtain is a piece of nothing marble that we can barely see and that has come out stained and scratched and brown.  The small desk in front of the shower is what keeps the mirrors and curtains open. This is a great location for having a quiet, organized weekend. Pros: a cool location perfect for a weekend with friends. Just on the weekends, getting away from your friends in downtown Chicago and on a great Chicago Avenue run is a great way to get away from the crowds. (Another bonus that couldn't be further from the top is the great availability of public transportation. If you're planning on heading to Chicago, you'll get an Uber or Lyft or the T McCormick subway downtown Chicago!). The service of the hotel is just a tad slower than that of the
I've stayed here for several years now and have never felt so disappointed, but the WIT was my fault.  I figured the decor was good but I was angry because they had a very large chain of rooms that were literally decorated with candles, red sandals, stuffed animals, people crying and 'eating dirty,' and the downstairs restaurant was a little  chaotic.  It is hard to find great restaurants here for the price...it only leaves me disappointed. I could probably write another review, but here's my guess: $20-30 for two people. Good luck shopping this place.
This place must be a dismal one. Any reasonable consumer will gladly travel back to their uncle's Ritz Carlton or Sunday matinee bars and make the call to spend $200-$300 per night to enjoy a 1950's Chicago wine-heater. The place wasn't clean but the cocktail selection was adequate. It was so busy that I was late updating my cleaning machines after spending some money on cleaning my room and shower before the concert. The worst part was the employee-like attitude of the last one of
We stayed at the Wrigley Hotel in January 2010, and here we were. Our rooms were spacious, comfortable, and great to stay during the holiday season. The food was amazing, especially its all and sundries. We ate breakfast there a day and then breakfasted the following day. The room itself was a real steal at just $200. I stayed here on a Sunday night. We had leftovers on the hot seat in the bathtub. Everytime we left and went out to breakfast, i didn't feel quite comfortable. The ladies did a great job cleaning up the mess we left. There were clean sheets on the floor, a watch hanging on one of the beds and a bottle of wine on the wall. There was no way to watch people running around in the street, things like that. A couple of buttons on the door had to be screwed or stolen, and some banging noises that I cannot believe are from the night before we were supposed to do this. Also i could hear the Chicago Police using things that sound like a conversation "snatching". Being so close to the event, the front desk and tv were obnoxious at times. The elevators were huge and its easy to get stuck at. I'll definitely stay at Wrigley again!! We will recommend to anyone looking for a perfect weekend spot!
Stayed here from other reviews!!!  My husband and I stayed at the La Cienega Hotel. The place was always well maintained and was very relaxing. We went for breakfast at the tower and just arrived with our luggage which was a nice touch considering that the hotel will be about a mile north of Las Vegas (that's the most important point). The hotel serves up a plethora of other fast food and general beverage choices including 7-Eleven Italian, Pita Chicken, and Five Guys Burger.  I am very pleased with the addition of a Panera Bread restaurant as the menu is solid and the eggs are fantastic. There are a ton of bowls for your favorite toppings (which I used to wager was toast) and the king of parmesan is a wine list it's a shame that the thin blue glass is hanging in the corner. The lobby is nice and has an old iron check-in closet. My only gripe
Here is a nice looking hotel in Bexar County, where the Hotel Calliope & The Staff just go out of their way to help! A great experience, very convenient, and great property location!  Could also add to their recent activity from walking the marketplace with their outdoor outdoor play area. Parking is not always an issue, sometimes even at night! Also, their recently renovated brick windows have also a very nice looking look to it - a nice touch! - $45 fee per night on the 1st floor of the hotel (and one parking pass) when considering a nice shopping location to a few blocks away!
I spent memorial day WE with some friends at this hotel. Room is great! Service awesome! These guys really work hard to make it feel as good and comfy as home.  We ordered some food; room service was right on time and the Breakfast tasted awesome. Forgot a key, no problem got a new one a the front desk in less than a minute. Forgot a light and battery ran out NO Problem, Signed a disclaimer and got a jumpstart in less then 5 minutes.  Also had Pizza at Forno!! Delicious!! Big deal, Best Price!!!!- Oh I go back here again
My husband and I were staying at the Columbus Place Hotel in June of 2015. The rooms were small compared to what you might expect. The walls were thin and they had tight rollers. It was NOT the most comfortable hotel. The room was really very small. I will never come back to Chicago again. On top of all that, there is no advertising and we were never offered beds. The staff was rudely trying to hide our confusion by asking us to show some IDs and accepting our requests. They didn't even try to explain to us anything other than "we have room a share."
I spent memorial day WE with some friends at this hotel. Room is great! Service awesome! These guys really work hard to make it feel as good and comfy as home.  We ordered some food; room service was right on time and the Breakfast tasted awesome. Forgot a key, no problem got a new one a the front desk in less than a minute. Forgot a light and battery ran out NO Problem, Signed a disclaimer and got a jumpstart in less then 5 minutes.  Also had Pizza at Forno!! Delicious!! Everyone coming over was so friendly and they supercharge the connection to our room in minutes!! I suggest to go there for breakfast!
Very nice looking chain, but not as good as the "morristown " chain on Chicago Avenue.  The location is wonderful but it was little more than a travel agency convenience store.  No EXCEPTIONAL SERVICE offered, really... that you get anywhere you want, stop by and have a pleasant sightseeing!  Got anywhere I want in less than a minute! Thank you
I spent memorial day WE with some friends at this hotel. Room is great! Service awesome! These guys really work hard to make it feel as good and comfy as home.  We ordered some food; room service was right on time and the Breakfast tasted awesome. Forgot a key, no problem got a new one a the front desk in less than a minute. Forgot a light and battery ran out NO Problem, Signed a disclaimer and got a jumpstart in less then 5 minutes.  Also had Pizza at Forno!! Delicious!!
This hotel is classic Chicago, but don't expect any Grand Hyatt vacation-style really.This is a 100% budgeted and beautiful hotel with some unique features. It has fantastic views of Chicago, attractions and museums and has been on location for more than 3 years. The 4 star rating reflects the customer service. With valet parking, chicago lakefront shopping, parking garage that can accommodate up to 4 people, convenience bars to keep you organized, views of Chicago riverbank and other attractions - such as the Little Ritz Carlton/Lake Michigan Tower. The staff is very friendly. Parking is FREE. The rooms are super small. You'll need a medallion and access to the king size bathtub/room/tokens/decor. Parking is $20 per vehicle plus tax.Possibly the most expensive motel in the city, the 3 star service, including the wifi - a few cashiers did an excellent job fixing broken windows, scratches on door handles and from the trip to the rec room, it only took 4 vehicles to fix. However, it costs $190 less than the second best Marriott hotel in the business. Despite all that, we are still expecting amazing decor. We went to the Grant Park Historic Courthouse for the renovated Martini Room. Talk
I spent memorial day WE with some friends at this hotel. Room is great! Service awesome! These guys really work hard to make it feel as good and comfy as home.  We ordered some food; room service was right on time and the Breakfast tasted awesome. Forgot a key, no problem got a new one a the front desk in less than a minute. Forgot a light and battery ran out NO Problem, Signed a disclaimer and got a jumpstart in less then 5 minutes.  Also had Pizza at Forno!! Delicious!!
If you are staying in Chicago for business, you will LOVE the Room at Hyatt Regency Chicago!  It is the perfect place to meet people who love to have coffee at all hours of the day, evening, or going for a drink.  I just loved the 3 bedroom office overlooking the lake for my Chicago work! Excellent location, stylish, super close to historic shops, restaurants, and Starbucks. The free parking was nice too and the lobby was clean and tidy.The staff was super friendly and courteous, we enjoyed our stay throughout the entire trip. The concierge we worked with was super helpful with general info like reservations, hours, business hours, room
We have stayed at the essex twice. it is close to the red line, Grant Park and they offer a shuttle service. Yes the beds are small but so are the rooms. Our room was clean and neat and yes the lobby and bar are older but the bar does have cold Old Style. If location and saving a few bucks are for you try the Essex.....I can say we have had no problems staying here.
Rear view of the Art Institute Concierge's showroom (left) where the oskaros decorate the walls.  They weren't the most elegant, but the location was within walking distance of the Museum Museum Hotel.  If you were at work, the Champagne Lounge was impressive, but the new, wine on tap for $45. This wasn't good, but if you were traveling, there was still room for improvement.One change we made was parking at parkland. There was no room on the lot, however we were happy with that.  The noise from the parkland place could be heard all the way from the hotel. Not a great experience.
We have stayed at the essex twice. it is close to the red line, Grant Park and they offer a shuttle service. Yes the beds are small but so are the rooms. Our room was clean and neat and yes the lobby and bar are older but the bar does have cold Old Style. If location and saving a few bucks are for you try the Essex.....I can say we have had no problems staying here.
We have stayed at the essex twice. it is close to the red line, Grant Park and they offer a shuttle service. Yes the beds are small but so are the rooms. Our room was clean and neat and yes the lobby and bar are older but the bar does have cold Old Style. If location and saving a few bucks are for you try the Essex.....I can say we have had no problems staying here. $25 for breakfast in a room, great place to start as this is not for the faint of heart. My husband and I had a wonderful (many thanks) day and ate the views. I was given room #28 which was spacious and clean. We will definitely stay at the Essex again. Stay there and use the City of Essex Way or take your hotel free.
PURSUE A ZOOM! The rest of this review was posted back in October for what should be called a pleasant trip down that seemingly otherwise unwelcomed thoroughfare that will be lost forever. So what the heck are we going to do at the airport? We'd rather avoid a mile of snooze by starting at the Millennium and heading toward downtown, considering we have to pay for everything from airfare to electricity (on each flight) and everything else. The hotel staff had their fair share of problems when planning our stay: inadequate cooling, front desk privileges and then a general overreaction which was almost incidental. The doors of the elevator were creak free. There was no towel stand or special wash machine during our attempt to deliver a timely gift. In the end, they just left us with no choice but to try to do anything to make us feel better, whether by douching us out of our hotel room or making our way to L.A. without a license. We returned to the service room, were given a bottle opener, was told I could no longer accept credit cards and were told there was a completely refundable deposit to be made. The staff told us we had gone too far. They never explained the issue to us and never even said how far we had gone. All in all, our stay at the Hancock Plaza SkyTrain was abysmal and the hotel should be transferred to Chicago Redevelopment. Let me put it this way, consider this it was a mess and here we are, six days into our company's grand adventure. My advice? Stay somewhere else! A BIG reason for its parking costs is that if you
We have stayed at the essex twice. it is close to the red line, Grant Park and they offer a shuttle service. Yes the beds are small but so are the rooms. Our room was clean and neat and yes the lobby and bar are older but the bar does have cold Old Style. If location and saving a few bucks are for you try the Essex.....I can say we have had no problems staying here. 5 stars if you are looking for a large downtown hotel, thats for you.
I've stayed in Chicago four times in the last few months, in four different hotels.  The hotel was by far the least desirable of the four.  The staff was inept, the room wasn't that clean, or that nice, and the service at the restaurant was horrific.  I went here on business last weekend and my room was in a hole and the front desk wouldn't let me in.  They didn't have free wifi so I asked them to send me a line.  The room was really clean and not getting serviced.  On the plus side, the staff at Food Aria is fast and helpful and the food was good. They have a fountain at the hotel and in the food the inside rooms are treated the way you would expect a hotel to treat its guests.  Although my other trip there had a brick wall and paint that were going all over my apartment floor, this time I wasn't afraid.  I will definitely stay here again for another stay in Chicago.
I've stayed in Chicago four times in the last few months, in four different hotels.  The hotel was by far the least desirable of the four.  The staff was inept, the room wasn't that clean, or that nice, and the service at the restaurant was horrific.  Every customer i spoke to complained of a headache, followed by an unprofessional attitude.  I suppose the restaurant serves breakfast (around 6:30 a.m.) while I was there.  Speaking of the breakfast...I'm not kidding.  It's the only option I've had, and I know it.  I've gotten warm, nimble, and the staff is friendly.  It's nice to feel like I'm staying in the middle of nowhere.  Also, remember the grilled chicken, $4-6?  And don't expect Chicago, anyways.
I was spending my weekend in Michigan and was disappointed. In Chicago, I've worked as a retail clerk and ended up having to commute to more than 50 different establishments for work. This is not a right wing Chicago experience.  I work in more than one part of Chicago and I have a budget, and not much to pay attention to.  I am extremely impressed with the beauty of Michigan Avenue, at the heart of downtown Chicago.  I could go on about the history and feel of downtown but would instead spend two hours staring at the skyline without seeing how wonderful the King Center is.  I'm too busy to worry about a second-floor elevator being used for business and the so-called king train hitting up town, so the first floor is the one and only, don't try to get too excited.  That leaves us in the service vehicle, which is just 15-20 minutes away.  Once I am sure that the elevators are working, the service is second to none.  When you can't get to the service vehicle, you're in.  What are the supposed treatments for this? Of course, I don't recommend this hotel.  I stayed at the A.D. Marriott recently on the CTA from downtown Chicago and felt like I had been beaten down with years of being on strike for no other reason other than "stay here."  I simply found that everything here was fine for the price, and the staff was incredibly friendly.  The King Center was very impressive, it was a hotel he designed, and the boutique rooms really came to life, though I'll have to go back and check it out in future months. Overall, I would stay here again, and would still recommend this hotel to anyone who is in the area.
My girlfriend and I stayed here in a Queen room.  We give high marks to the excellent Desk, Bell, and Spa staff.  The hotel was also very clean, but overall we can't give it more than 2.5 stars and will seek other accommodations next time.  We were underwhelmed.  This hotel looks good, but it does have some questionable design issues that are worth mentioning...1) There are too many rooms built on each floor resulting in tiny, awkward spaces.  Charming for some maybe, but not very comfortable for the price.  Our tiny room was crammed into a corner with several other small rooms.  They might have been better off building two larger rooms there and doubling the price.  2) There was no closet, just a small rack open to the room.  3) The bathroom and shower had very little space on which to set things, and the sink faucet was too short.  You could barely even wash your hands under it.  4) We had to ask for normal sized pillows instead of the small, square ones that were on the bed.  5) The thermostat and temperature were difficult to keep regulated, and the system was fairly noisy.In short, if you're looking for amenities that go beyond the minimum, keep looking.  But if the price is right, and you need a decent place to stay with professional and friendly staff, go for it.
This place was stunning and went above and beyond what other Luxury Hyatt Regency locations in Chicago. The location was perfect for our young son's birthday party and we absolutely loved this place. It wasn't a tony meeting place and the staff is not harsh either.  I don't know why the hotel is known as a glam ball (it's considered feminine in some parts).I don't mind the attention that the couples brought and didn't worry about getting locked out or taking out. They cared for us and honestly were patient with us (the rules are simple) a great view of the lake from the T is outside our 20 minute drive. Also, the front desk desk clerk was cool, really helpful and patient. Staff was very welcoming and there was a helpful escort - well she worked hard and I recommend that you get accomodated and be ready to leave soon after the party!
My girlfriend and I stayed here in a Queen room.  We give high marks to the excellent Desk, Bell, and Spa staff.  The hotel was also very clean, but overall we can't give it more than 2.5 stars and will seek other accommodations next time.  We were underwhelmed.  This hotel looks good, but it does have some questionable design issues that are worth mentioning...1) There are too many rooms built on each floor resulting in tiny, awkward spaces.  Charming for some maybe, but not very comfortable for the price.  Our tiny room was crammed into a corner with several other small rooms.  They might have been better off building two larger rooms there and doubling the price.  2) There was no closet, just a small rack open to the room.  3) The bathroom and shower had very little space on which to set things, and the sink faucet was too short.  You could barely even wash your hands under it.  4) We had to ask for normal sized pillows instead of the small, square ones that were on the bed.  5) The thermostat and temperature were difficult to keep regulated, and the system was fairly noisy.In short, if you're looking for amenities that go beyond the minimum, keep looking.  But if the price is right, and you need a decent place to stay with professional and friendly staff, go for it.
This place is small but fairly fast. The air conditioning is awesome. This is my first attempt at a hotel. The bookings went very smoothly, and the information below shows that they've never had a problem getting staff to locate or ask for directions. The food was a tad on the dated, and  maybe my confusion was due to my connection with the Western. The drinks were ok. One lady is using word of mouth to try and get my share of them. The rooms are nice, but not impressive. I will definitely stay in a second location next time I am in Northbrook.
My girlfriend and I stayed here in a Queen room.  We give high marks to the excellent Desk, Bell, and Spa staff.  The hotel was also very clean, but overall we can't give it more than 2.5 stars and will seek other accommodations next time.  We were underwhelmed.  This hotel looks good, but it does have some questionable design issues that are worth mentioning...1) There are too many rooms built on each floor resulting in tiny, awkward spaces.  Charming for some maybe, but not very comfortable for the price.  Our tiny room was crammed into a corner with several other small rooms.  They might have been better off building two larger rooms there and doubling the price.  2) There was no closet, just a small rack open to the room.  3) The bathroom and shower had very little space on which to set things, and the sink faucet was too short.  You could barely even wash your hands under it.  4) We had to ask for normal sized pillows instead of the small, square ones that were on the bed.  5) The thermostat and temperature were difficult to keep regulated, and the system was fairly noisy.In short, if you're looking for amenities that go beyond the minimum, keep looking.  But if the price is right, and you need a decent place to stay with professional and friendly staff, go for it.
This is not a classy hotel. It is a bunch of dead space - it had one mediocre and slicker minifig to fit through it and the hotel guests like their minifig nice and hard. So, it might be wise to try walking around to the street to get some help. There were lots of cars everywhere and I could barely hear or see the nice little room in the distance. I went there after work for lunch and guess what? Everyone is rude.  There was no pleasant touch from the standard shuttle car seats. I didn't hear anything when I opened the front door and instead felt myself talking to a vehicle's voice recorder as I drove through some small down parking lot. Anyway, if the hotel is really that nice - stop by and try again. Just because it doesn't have a great view does not mean you can't stay there.
My girlfriend and I stayed here in a Queen room.  We give high marks to the excellent Desk, Bell, and Spa staff.  The hotel was also very clean, but overall we can't give it more than 2.5 stars and will seek other accommodations next time.  We were underwhelmed.  This hotel looks good, but it does have some questionable design issues that are worth mentioning...1) There are too many rooms built on each floor resulting in tiny, awkward spaces.  Charming for some maybe, but not very comfortable for the price.  Our tiny room was crammed into a corner with several other small rooms.  They might have been better off building two larger rooms there and doubling the price.  2) There was no closet, just a small rack open to the room.  3) The bathroom and shower had very little space on which to set things, and the sink faucet was too short.  You could barely even wash your hands under it.  4) We had to ask for normal sized pillows instead of the small, square ones that were on the bed.  5) The thermostat and temperature were difficult to keep regulated, and the system was fairly noisy.In short, if you're looking for amenities that go beyond the minimum, keep looking.  But if the price is right, and you need a decent place to stay with professional and friendly staff, go for it.
We stay here when downtown is noisy. For $45 a night! The rooms are comfortable, quick, comfortable and on every side of the building they have (I call them the "bathrooms"). I really hope that this hotel doesn't run out of sweet potatoes to satisfy after work.
We stayed here for six nights and for $130 a night.  The room was comfortable, great food, comfortable bed, and great service (sorry I was not giving it 5 stars, this hotel is for everyone).I have tried many hotels, including this one, but none have done a better job of providing quality hotels than this one.  Check out the French, the beds were nice, a very modern convenience store was nice, there were no small crowd noises when you entered the room but nothing major until about 6 PM.My stay at a discount bar in the downtown area of Chicago did not have much to do with the cabele but did have a lot to do with the comp star system...except for being AWESOME! So if you don't want to go to the bar, are not an uptight drunk and you simply need some alcohol, this hotel is for you. Plus, we just missed our last night at the Cadillac after work which they turned us down for room service again...with outdated credit cards.I will definitely stay at this hotel again and it was absolutely spectacular!
Nice hotel, but not everything about it deserves to be called the best hotel in the country.  Friendly staff and facilities.  This place had one of the best suites I have ever been to.  The rooms are so small, the overall feel of the entire place is just ok.   It wasn't in need of renovations, nor was it a fancy hotel.  But I wouldn't have stayed there if it wasn't for the great location.
Came here in January of this year for the first time since I joined the club. Our room was super clean, the staff is incredible and our  wedding reception was a breeze. We got a gorgeous watch which was really a nice note of approval by my wife.  My husband loved it. But, there were a couple more problems that bothered me. They needed bathroom space, the desk didn't have a locker room or a closet, none of which were acceptable. We wanted a decent space, but it was too large and it smelled like mold. Finally, for a birthday cake, they needed some sort of dark box which was too much to handle with no towels.  Obviously, that's when we realized that we were staying in someone else's room, so we waited there. Our rooms were so small that even if we snored loudly and it was in the middle of the night it was totally unacceptable for our situation. We simply left the room and complained to the staff directly. When we complained back, they didn't send an employee to answer our phone. We asked them to put a check up for $500 and despite the fact that they charged us more than that, they hadn't taken steps to reach out to us regarding this issue. So, in all fairness, there is some basic policy for this hotel, but it's a tad rough. Finally, the staff doesn't treat our room very well and they literally keep telling us that they have forgotten who they were/when they "shuffled" the alarm. They are very rude, even aggressive in their way of dealing with our requests and even writing us such things as "don't get married in the hotel and give us the old couple bedding." We also had several others that felt that they didn't receive a call that day
Great location.  The rate is reasonable and service and efficiency is top notch.  The rooms are beautiful, you can hear everything in the building.  If you're a peppy, I would give the hotel a two star if it was run like this.
This was a 4* Priceline win, but I will not be bidding that zone (River North) again. Generally, I find Priceline's star levels to be accurate. Not this time.The hotel is far from a 4*. The Felix has wholly inadequate--almost ludicrously small--rooms. I was initially placed in a tiny room; but asked to be moved. This was done. The second room was marginally larger but, like the first, it lacked a closet; instead, there was a curtained-off niche which served as a kind of closet, though the bar for hanging clothes was a mere 15" or so in length. There was no dresser; indeed, there was no space even to leave a suitcase open on the floor. The room had sufficient room for the bed and almost nothing else.I have been in many hotels in Europe, so am accustomed to rooms that are small by American standards. I have never been in rooms there as small as those at the Felix.There were housekeeping problems, too. The rug in the room was filthy; when I pulled back the bedding to sleep, there were long blond hairs on it. (I have dark brown hair.) "The laundry must have missed it" was the explanation offered by a staffer.Never again.My only suggestion, besides finally catching someone who may be at fault for my earlier accommodations, is to consider leaving a clean room at home. Parking here has been a problem for years--even this year. In addition to that, there is no such limit to what you can leave outside. I saw a man leave a trash can at a nearby red light, because the white cab driver seemed like a nice guy. My pickpocket did not take my car, nor did the cab driver seem nice. Finally, an old friend stopped the luggage cart and asked if he cou
This was a 4* Priceline win, but I will not be bidding that zone (River North) again. Generally, I find Priceline's star levels to be accurate. Not this time.The hotel is far from a 4*. The Felix has wholly inadequate--almost ludicrously small--rooms. I was initially placed in a tiny room; but asked to be moved. This was done. The second room was marginally larger but, like the first, it lacked a closet; instead, there was a curtained-off niche which served as a kind of closet, though the bar for hanging clothes was a mere 15" or so in length. There was no dresser; indeed, there was no space even to leave a suitcase open on the floor. The room had sufficient room for the bed and almost nothing else.I have been in many hotels in Europe, so am accustomed to rooms that are small by American standards. I have never been in rooms there as small as those at the Felix.There were housekeeping problems, too. The rug in the room was filthy; when I pulled back the bedding to sleep, there were long blond hairs on it. (I have dark brown hair.) "The laundry must have missed it" was the explanation offered by a staffer.Never again. Upon review of the dining room, my cousin had arranged for a complimentary hot tub. When we returned from Italy to Chicago, she had notified the Hotel Administration. I was told that a leak of the fountain water upon arrival was evident and should be rectified. The maid promptly addressed the problem and decided to "clarify" the situation. She asked me to read a schedule and send it to the Chicago Park Police Station. That included arrangements for the kitchen and, for the three eggs, for checking in. The statement mad
This was a 4* Priceline win, but I will not be bidding that zone (River North) again. Generally, I find Priceline's star levels to be accurate. Not this time.The hotel is far from a 4*. The Felix has wholly inadequate--almost ludicrously small--rooms. I was initially placed in a tiny room; but asked to be moved. This was done. The second room was marginally larger but, like the first, it lacked a closet; instead, there was a curtained-off niche which served as a kind of closet, though the bar for hanging clothes was a mere 15" or so in length. There was no dresser; indeed, there was no space even to leave a suitcase open on the floor. The room had sufficient room for the bed and almost nothing else.I have been in many hotels in Europe, so am accustomed to rooms that are small by American standards. I have never been in rooms there as small as those at the Felix.There were housekeeping problems, too. The rug in the room was filthy; when I pulled back the bedding to sleep, there were long blond hairs on it. (I have dark brown hair.) "The laundry must have missed it" was the explanation offered by a staffer.Never again.  Marriott guests are treated like geeks, and the hotel should not expect them to be satisfied. The hotel, however, seems to be a bit below average.  I am still paying close attention, and the Hotel Desk is a plus, as is the buffet. I truly wish I had been more apt to book the hotel elsewhere.Hearings were extremely limited at the coffee bar, and barely closed by the pool and boat ramp. Poor accommodations for guests. Diving too far in the water is not the Hotel's fault.Liked the reason I had to book the hotel. How coul
This was a 4* Priceline win, but I will not be bidding that zone (River North) again. Generally, I find Priceline's star levels to be accurate. Not this time.The hotel is far from a 4*. The Felix has wholly inadequate--almost ludicrously small--rooms. I was initially placed in a tiny room; but asked to be moved. This was done. The second room was marginally larger but, like the first, it lacked a closet; instead, there was a curtained-off niche which served as a kind of closet, though the bar for hanging clothes was a mere 15" or so in length. There was no dresser; indeed, there was no space even to leave a suitcase open on the floor. The room had sufficient room for the bed and almost nothing else.I have been in many hotels in Europe, so am accustomed to rooms that are small by American standards. I have never been in rooms there as small as those at the Felix.There were housekeeping problems, too. The rug in the room was filthy; when I pulled back the bedding to sleep, there were long blond hairs on it. (I have dark brown hair.) "The laundry must have missed it" was the explanation offered by a staffer.Never again.I don't really mind a hotel for small rooms, but such a small unit in which the management has control over the service is only to be expected. (How, for instance, does the spa expect their employees to stay when they're on strike?)The bathroom of the hotel should be flush with water in the morning, not open to the outside world. If you decide to use the shower (which most residents do) again, there is no "better" reason to stay. I'd even go so far as to say that you'll never come close to the maximum limit in your firs
Chicago was  magnificent city could have been more enjoyable if i had not stayed at the hotel felix for a couple nightts.. rooms where the size of a tv box and got charged through the roof for them me and my gf stopped by the dana hotel and spa and asked what there rates were and it was 75$ cheaper  sooo  since we only booked there for a couple days we stayed got nasty room service from the elate restaurant stayed up all night because of the paper thin walls and loud elevator and then went on over to the dana and made up for it with cheap wifi and cheap rate  $6 per night available for me  so in total I was paid out of my pocket!! they treated us like some shit who only traveled on Sunday because they need to be able to get business  some nice places to do business  3 hotels in Chicago they had 613 rooms which means they took about 14  rooms to accommodate the 5.5 of us who were only here about an hour from a train station and a short walk to get to our movies and tv channels!! oh i got famed up in a great city and should have stayed there  but I didn't  go there with no comp for this 4 hotel!! the service at this dana hotel is pretty decent and very affordable at the same time, i'm sure there were other members there who did stay at one of the other 2 hotels and received a decent rate even though i used the better option of the hotel and booked at the same time and it wasn't a huge improvement. ez  was out of town for a weekend when i booked there and every hotel has random rooms to lock you in or lock you out when you're not around to lock someone else in, which meant if i hadn't booked that way every time i went to any of them t
Chicago was  magnificent city could have been more enjoyable if i had not stayed at the hotel felix for a couple nightts.. rooms where the size of a tv box and got charged through the roof for them me and my gf stopped by the dana hotel and spa and asked what there rates were and it was 75$ cheaper  sooo  since we only booked there for a couple days we stayed got nasty room service from the elate restaurant stayed up all night because of the paper thin walls and loud elevator and then went on over to the dana and made up for it all at the gym by taking that crappy kickstand and walking away from the entire experience, u looked terrible just walked out onto the street... heck not even we could clean our rooms like we had the plan   ever i would have put up with u. ooh i wish i had to write it all down and go to a graduation day in boston I cannot give it a try because i already hated myself and i felt so bad for staying at the place.. go to comfort hotel after a bad incident and get some seriously bad action away from the city hall hall whos up all night. then this one  guy just knew the city needs better planning and could not be held responsible for what happened and nothing could be done. I will leave it to my mind the whole other reviewers who recommended higher charges will be happy with nothing.
Room 8...wow. Not very comfortable room compared to the typical coffee shop we rented in WV. Best coffee in the city, effort was put into efficient working and cleanliness. We had a wedding reception here after spending a couple of days in a friend's home and the service was stellar. We ordered a sample for the bar suite and at first was a little disappointed that the room was small. Later we found out the garage was a bit over sized because the front door was creased. The reception desk felt tiny because we weren't allowed to use our double door an extra mile in the event they didn't want to open it.   I found another suite and this one was much better.  Again, this is a large city (25+ floors) and I wouldn't recommend this place to others.
Chicago was  magnificent city could have been more enjoyable if i had not stayed at the hotel felix for a couple nightts.. rooms where the size of a tv box and got charged through the roof for them me and my gf stopped by the dana hotel and spa and asked what there rates were and it was 75$ cheaper  sooo  since we only booked there for a couple days we stayed got nasty room service from the elate restaurant stayed up all night because of the paper thin walls and loud elevator and then went on over to the dana and made up for it with dinner. not worth the wasted time and the pictures did not btw..
Beautiful bar none the less, there are a few attractions. Hotel Indigo bar- you can either have a steak. Room with jewelry  is ok.  Food  is ok.  The gas station  is ok too.  And if you are traveling to Chicago through city only then obviously the restaurant is ok too.
This is pretty much what I expected from a hotel like this.  One problem I encountered was the manager, not to mention the innkeeper (who performed a zero worth service). I was at my desk and was wondering what did they expect us to get all in advance of being able to get our stay? The short answer was 'it'll take less than 30 minutes' but if you're wondering where to find your own rooms, this location is there.  I guess I was getting to be a lucky number on the line.  For what it's worth, as someone who is very appreciative of the employees I was treated like royalty, this location made me feel really, really better.  There were definitely people who were busy with business for only 6-8pm, but they're all forgotten about as a result.  We had no reception and took no important transportation.  Our only regret is that I don't think we had drinks in our room. However, since this is in the city I'll keep this place from other hotels I've stayed, just be aware of it if you're planning on staying here and don't expect any special treatment.
I stayed here for 2 years in September of 2010 and every month I went there. Every room is extremely clean and have very good seltzer/flow control systems. It has very little there to hide, nice overall feel, efficient room layout (even during the short trip) and was worth the price you paid.  Some of the rooms I stayed in were really nice. The level of travel, location, lighting and water quality were top notch. The free coffee was sweet at last, considering the hotels have a cup and a drink service only in certain cities. It is close to where you can book a taxi in Chicago if you'd like a cab here. Love the views!
The staff is super friendly, right from the start. They recently joined our stay at the Hotel Elburado. I'm so glad I came back because I had a great time and if I did get there I'd be celebrating the 20th anniversary.  The Lodge is right in downtown Chicago. It is conveniently located next to a fantastic steakhouse and is great for a quick steak dinner. The water fountain is very helpful too. Rooms are very small and open with a variety of fitness devices. First thing I did was check the 10" screen on the right of the room. And I'm in the 40th floor room. It looks like a tuxedo room or something. The lobby is comfy and feels really comfy. The bathroom is an old style faucet bath with new fixtures, old towels, newer underwear. I definitely needed to make a change at that point! It looks like room so I almost liked it! Staff is nice and responsive. The menu is well prepared, but the room was small. With my usual size A/C, the food options were bland and really sugary. The pizza on the menu were good as well and the pool we ate at the Jacuzzi on the corner was nice. Everyone loved the vibes. I would come back if needed. We were booked in double the limit because we were booked within a few minutes of opening time! I would definitely stay here again, but probably would be down by 5 for that one one trip.   They have a lot of pretty expensive hotels at the top of the list.
The Talbott is a great place to stay. It is a luxury boutique in the heart of the Gold Coast, easily within walking distance of Michigan Avenue, State Street, and Navy Pier. The staff is exceptionally friendly. They provide twenty-four-hour room service, concierge service, and the front desk staff and waitstaff are even cheerful late at night. The rooms are modern, well decorated, and comfortable. They feature flat-screen satellite televisions, ihome alarm clocks, and many other conveniences one would expect from a luxury hotel, without the sameness of the chains. Other than the remote lights on the outside, these hotels have a variety of refrigerators, compressors, and full-size microwave ovens that make life hard for the dirty, worn-out, and extremely uncomfortable. Every hotel I have stayed in has had experienced bugs and felt unsafe or at risk of windows being open.The Talbott is located downtown, at the corner of Michigan Ave and Virginia Ave. The rooms were comfortable, clean, and very convenient. The staff is extremely helpful, and the rest of the hotel's staff are friendly, knowledgeable, helpful, and even helpful. I would definitely stay here again.
This is a very comfortable room. The only major issues I have with the hotel are availability of the last available floor (above the control room), soft bedding, and mattress. (I don't think they are specifically looking for size, I'd highly recommend checking with your hotel) Best deal on the block - first of all the prices are not the best for a 24 person room, the last bed will be 4" to 5" above the top. This one has a small front desk working hard to get everything to pay for itself. Pros: room was awesome and perfect length - the wallpaper is a nice shade of silvery and rosewood, with warm/hazy but modern colors.  The sheets are well made and efficient, and a nice desk covered in leaf and lettering is helpful for reminders.  The card-carrying lamp was useful in keeping track of hot flashes throughout the night.  I felt I knew when the lights were on the 18th Floor and that we were in the 3rd Floor. The warm air kept us warm. Cons: some tacky paper towels in the room as well as not super comfortable. (something I like to do in the bar and snack on there)  Badliness in bathroom as well as decorating the walls and windows. And later on in the day, ironing board thrown out of the
Only stayed here a few times. Couldnt stay there again. It was super crowded for one night in August. If you want cozy and cozy rooms in downtown Chicago, this hotel has
My stay at Vacation House is a true perfect fit for me! Our stay was typical of the large style rooms we frequently take advantage of at popular Luxury Regency hotels. Our favorite feature was our entry-level (39) bathroom - perfect size for us! Our party included our very first meal! We were really glad we opted for a large-size bathroom due to the wide area of space, the comfort factor for one might be small at first glance, but have never experienced so many people experiencing so much personal space within your daily activities! The atmosphere, food, drinks, decor and decor were super positive, absolutely amazing! The staff and bartender were very helpful, very kind and absolutely dedicated to providing delicious food, beverages and so much more to my request. The staff gave me complimentary drinks to use, and provided a warm and welcoming night! Staff was very accommodating, and I even had drinks and a bathtub decorated and wired with paint, towels, and clean sheets (a new favorite within the apartment). When asked to transfer my night off I can assure you that she gets it all and will transfer me to someone else if needed!!
wow i'm kinda glad i didn't read the reviews before i stayed here- i would've cancelled. my daughter and i only stayed here overnight. i wanted a good location, that didn't cost an arm and a leg. yes, the hotel is old-i'm not interested in a hotel that looks like every other. our room was in the south tower, and while we did have that same "shining" feeling as the previous reviewer mentioned, the room was beautiful. there was no odor, or burn marks, and the bed/ing was clean and comfortable (and king size). i was disappointed in the lack of refrigerator in the room tho. yes, there was a line to check in, but the staff was friendly and efficient. i did ask for a room with a view that wasn't a wall-no problem. we had a view of the SEARS tower. as for the picketers, they were there, but weren't disruptive don't know the specifics of their situation. i would stay here again, but appreciate the perspective given by other reviewers. its not a great location-smooth and have to go to a club/zoom area for privacy (too busy looking up some great restaurants). overall... I'd stay here again.
This is a Chicago guest room with a bed, galley and hallway, a good quality of modern and quiet/long-term views. Excellent address. Room is comfortable, quiet with comfortable beds and sheets. First thing that strikes you about this room is how well decorated and the furniture. It also has a large dining room which is nice, the chairs are comfortable, and very large in size. We needed to do some research and found this out there (i think). After we had a few drinks we became very acclimated, the room stayed clean and modern.  We liked it so much, we booked a room next to a many different hotels and went here one time for dinner. Our city is terrible, we tried a two-day trip to Chicago; we knew that would be part of it. However, because there are two hotels in this hotel, we went with either.  We finally stayed there on a much smaller budget; $10 for breakfast, $15 for dinner and about $10 for that drink. This is a beautiful city, and let me tell you, the air conditioning on this hotel is "cool". If you can really feel the sun on your face, you will be
wow i'm kinda glad i didn't read the reviews before i stayed here- i would've cancelled. my daughter and i only stayed here overnight. i wanted a good location, that didn't cost an arm and a leg. yes, the hotel is old-i'm not interested in a hotel that looks like every other. our room was in the south tower, and while we did have that same "shining" feeling as the previous reviewer mentioned, the room was beautiful. there was no odor, or burn marks, and the bed/ing was clean and comfortable (and king size). i was disappointed in the lack of refrigerator in the room tho. yes, there was a line to check in, but the staff was friendly and efficient. i did ask for a room with a view that wasn't a wall-no problem. we had a view of the SEARS tower. as for the picketers, they were there, but weren't disruptive don't know the specifics of their situation. i would stay here again, but appreciate the perspective given by other reviewers.
Our Room on 9th Ave East, on Chicago's W... so much for the price!! :) The rooms are totally beautiful and clean and gorgeous. The bathrooms are nice and clean and cozy. The girls dress up very well and don't look like they have underwear around their necks. The kids love this hotel so they go to W level then to W level to have fun.  I stayed here to write something about how my boyfriend could only live in a room of 10 and was given absolutely no room.  When I checked in my room we were handed two rooms, one in a "conscious fit" situation, and one in a sleep friendly but not dangerous situation.  I received one heart rate monitor, but no instructions on how to use it. The bathroom smell is weird and smells terrible.  We stayed in a large, modern room and some seating areas could use some work.  The staff gave us a very positive review, and it's a nice change from looking at a dated picture in the mailbox.
I can't even say enough positive things about Chicago's bed club! The rooms in the Big Tower are truly mind-blowing. I stay in a "city by the lake" hotel just because the hotel, as we called it, has elevators. I don't recommend getting a hotel this size for the price.  Once you put on some extra weight, go to
wow i'm kinda glad i didn't read the reviews before i stayed here- i would've cancelled. my daughter and i only stayed here overnight. i wanted a good location, that didn't cost an arm and a leg. yes, the hotel is old-i'm not interested in a hotel that looks like every other. our room was in the south tower, and while we did have that same "shining" feeling as the previous reviewer mentioned, the room was beautiful. there was no odor, or burn marks, and the bed/ing was clean and comfortable (and king size). i was disappointed in the lack of refrigerator in the room tho. yes, there was a line to check in, but the staff was friendly and efficient. i did ask for a room with a view that wasn't a wall-no problem. we had a view of the SEARS tower. as for the picketers, they were there, but weren't disruptive don't know the specifics of their situation. i would stay here again, but appreciate the perspective given by other reviewers. thanks to the *sleeping bear* for recommending this hotel!
wow i'm kinda glad i didn't read the reviews before i stayed here- i would've cancelled. my daughter and i only stayed here overnight. i wanted a good location, that didn't cost an arm and a leg. yes, the hotel is old-i'm not interested in a hotel that looks like every other. our room was in the south tower, and while we did have that same "shining" feeling as the previous reviewer mentioned, the room was beautiful. there was no odor, or burn marks, and the bed/ing was clean and comfortable (and king size). i was disappointed in the lack of refrigerator in the room tho. yes, there was a line to check in, but the staff was friendly and efficient. i did ask for a room with a view that wasn't a wall-no problem. we had a view of the SEARS tower. as for the picketers, they were there, but weren't disruptive don't know the specifics of their situation. i would stay here again, but appreciate the perspective given by other reviewers.
Hello friends I've stayed at the Hotel du Nord. It is fabulous. I'm a graphic designer, but  I'm not so much a draughtsman as a designer. From its lobby to windows I get compliments from people using a couch to take them in. The space is tiny and it makes it much easier to navigate between the bedrooms.  I feel a slight sense of security while at work when I'm walking around town.  The room feels small compared to the others that I have come across, but it still has all of the luxury of a luxury hotel.  The walls are thin & the ceiling is fairly standard.  The dining room serves breakfast (plenty!), live music, spa treatments, fountain drinks, and even a cheesecake. The pool is perfect and the shower is perfect for holding your precious "vibe." The service is exemplary. There are rooftop showers as well, and service dogs seem to be there at all times. I thought this was typical AAA hotel,
Just returned from a 4 night stay and have a few additions to what's already posted....the rooms are adequate, and yes, you will hear some noise from the nearby L-train. Remember, you are in Chicago...if you wish to ride that same train there is a stop only a block away.  The comfort factor for the room is great, all the latest gadgets fit nicely on the workspace/desk, the bed is up to the new "heavenly bed" standards, bathroom is well set up (sink is a bit of a mistake, but shower, etc. are fine), and the TV has all the stations you could want.  Dined at both the restaurants and the food was outstanding (had the trout for dinner one night and breakfast every morning).  Prices are a little high-Hilton Diamond members get breakfast for free-so that's a plus.  Overnight parking was $45-again a little high for my taste, but the market rate for downtown Chicago.  Next time I may cab it everywhere and avoid that charge.  Given the location, you could also walk to plenty of attractions.  Rooftop bar was a scene worth checking out...even if it's not your scene.  Staff was very attentive, yes, they need some seasoning but they try hard so I give them high marks for that.  I will return sometime in the Fall, let's see if they get better at The Wit.
Just returned from a 4 night stay and have a few additions to what's already posted....the rooms are adequate, and yes, you will hear some noise from the nearby L-train. Remember, you are in Chicago...if you wish to ride that same train there is a stop only a block away.  The comfort factor for the room is great, all the latest gadgets fit nicely on the workspace/desk, the bed is up to the new "heavenly bed" standards, bathroom is well set up (sink is a bit of a mistake, but shower, etc. are fine), and the TV has all the stations you could want.  Dined at both the restaurants and the food was outstanding (had the trout for dinner one night and breakfast every morning).  Prices are a little high-Hilton Diamond members get breakfast for free-so that's a plus.  Overnight parking was $45-again a little high for my taste, but the market rate for downtown Chicago.  Next time I may cab it everywhere and avoid that charge.  Given the location, you could also walk to plenty of attractions.  Rooftop bar was a scene worth checking out...even if it's not your scene.  Staff was very attentive, yes, they need some seasoning but they try hard so I give them high marks for that.  I will return sometime in the Fall, let's see if they get better at The Wit.
I arrived in Chicago this morning in a cheap room for two reasons: first, i wanted to visit the Marriott Hotel, and was disappointed in the lack of good reviews. Since i was not a long time traveler, this review is not helpful. First, it appears that the people
Just returned from a 4 night stay and have a few additions to what's already posted....the rooms are adequate, and yes, you will hear some noise from the nearby L-train. Remember, you are in Chicago...if you wish to ride that same train there is a stop only a block away.  The comfort factor for the room is great, all the latest gadgets fit nicely on the workspace/desk, the bed is up to the new "heavenly bed" standards, bathroom is well set up (sink is a bit of a mistake, but shower, etc. are fine), and the TV has all the stations you could want.  Dined at both the restaurants and the food was outstanding (had the trout for dinner one night and breakfast every morning).  Prices are a little high-Hilton Diamond members get breakfast for free-so that's a plus.  Overnight parking was $45-again a little high for my taste, but the market rate for downtown Chicago.  Next time I may cab it everywhere and avoid that charge.  Given the location, you could also walk to plenty of attractions.  Rooftop bar was a scene worth checking out...even if it's not your scene.  Staff was very attentive, yes, they need some seasoning but they try hard so I give them high marks for that.  I will return sometime in the Fall, let's see if they get better at The Wit.
Beautiful food in the lobby and cool atmosphere. I have used this location for two years. Our rooms were never the best i have had.  They are right next to a great Chicago hotel and never made our trip with the expectation of it being not the best hotel in town.   If you're looking for a good deal on a simple Sunday night, The Green Place is your ticket.
Just returned from a 4 night stay and have a few additions to what's already posted....the rooms are adequate, and yes, you will hear some noise from the nearby L-train. Remember, you are in Chicago...if you wish to ride that same train there is a stop only a block away.  The comfort factor for the room is great, all the latest gadgets fit nicely on the workspace/desk, the bed is up to the new "heavenly bed" standards, bathroom is well set up (sink is a bit of a mistake, but shower, etc. are fine), and the TV has all the stations you could want.  Dined at both the restaurants and the food was outstanding (had the trout for dinner one night and breakfast every morning).  Prices are a little high-Hilton Diamond members get breakfast for free-so that's a plus.  Overnight parking was $45-again a little high for my taste, but the market rate for downtown Chicago.  Next time I may cab it everywhere and avoid that charge.  Given the location, you could also walk to plenty of attractions.  Rooftop bar was a scene worth checking out...even if it's not your scene.  Staff was very attentive, yes, they need some seasoning but they try hard so I give them high marks for that.  I will return sometime in the Fall, let's see if they get better at The Wit.
My wife and I will be back to O'Hare. The Chicago club has some awesome experiences that you don't expect. There are pool halls, fish market, restaurants, in the third floor, etc.  Another pleasant thing about staying here is the concierge. He gives you extra table space, offers you transportation to the airport, etc.  If you are looking for a night out, that is an option. Also, the Hotel has a clever service package on certain special occasions.  When we had our first meeting at Hilton Chicago, we recommended this hotel for the restaurant. As a regular traveler, it was clear that I liked the service the hotel offered, especially when it came to hotel cleanliness and service.  I would definitely stay here again.
Was on a flight from Chicago but couldn't say why as my daughter checked out of the airport at 1:45 AM. I checked my daughter and my sister were good and wonderful. They also had some attractive rooms! We saw this attractive room in my hotel room and thought it was pretty. Needless to say I don't see how anyone would consider a 25 plus room suite in such a small building with beds that you could just go in the room and pick out your own beds. The rooms are smaller and only have a closet for valet. There is no open bedding, which is just a reflection of poor management of this hotel property. The view from the bathtub when it feels so close to the floor is pretty awful. There is so much action, such as hot coals up the dresser, can startle, make you look like you're in a daze. It is a decent hotel, but it still isn't a'magpie' place to see fireworks, stroll around getting your granny smokin' hot drinks and playing to yourself. Let's be honest - you can find a price for a hotel that is not worth the size and location of your own (which was why I stayed there). But if you want something to do on a nice day then this is the place to go!
My friend and I decided to stay here for dinner. If we are a high profile wedding group, this will be a must visit.  The location and walk to lots of landmarks is perfect for our event.  The hotel is convenient and offers all the main attractions (dining, dining, and lounging) available on the Chicago Loop.  The lobby, and the bar/restaurant's have modern, modern conveniences.  We will rate this and the location for it is directly across the street from all my other wedding venues.  The $170 a night just seems to fit the budget.   We checked in early the morning and had a great time.
I like this place, but I hate writing reviews because they weren't professional and wouldn't put them on this website. This was a direct hit with my "best brunch in NYC" list.  I was there for about 25 minutes (about 20-30 min total) when I arrived. They set up the small bathroom (right down the street) and sent people back the arrangements for the special event we had booked (11 in the morning). The restaurant was a bit over priced (after checking out there was $11 for 2) and the service was spot on. A high quality caterer (FRIENIX) also worked with us. They made us dinner, wine and cheesecake, but then he/she told us that all of the guests had 4 items available. There were 5 items in our fridge with no service; the wine was not opened.  I told her that because of this, they had to open the fridge door and leave their 1 "sexually charged" alcohol in it.  I said I had it.  She could tell they were only trying to work 2 bottles of wine. I called my boyfriend and he responded that they could sell me alcohol, so they fixed the fridge door, but didn't move the wine.  We stayed there for 5-7 minutes.  There was some activity, a wait waiting period, low gas, and the main place (Oasis Park) was closed because of problems with the fighting club.  Not a big deal when compared to the service. Our 1st room was a bit larger than advertised and the bathtub was small. We weren't provided toiletries and the bathroom was dirty and warm. To some degree, my liking of the place is based on my family's experience here. For any not yet ready to move in, the Motel W Hotel is on Grand Avenue. It is 4 blocks from Yonge and King and 2 blocks from SEWRE. Ju
This place does not attract because it has been quiet for 3 years. The hotel is a pretty elaborate modern boutique. The rooms were old and, as expected, not cheap either. The only $100 I paid in three years was in a room in the best part of town with no view. Not sure if they made up for the lack of amenities with an extra $250 a night in shuttle service. There is a street sign at the top right saying "Hollywood"!!!!  No apology. Not sure where to start.  No room for my dogs (no public transportation).  Any hope of getting home during the night?
I'm not complaining, nor am I complaining about how highly rated, but this place is absolutely wonderful.  It's a great size with plenty of room, too, giving you a great room in the Roosevelt Room with plenty of room for your phone and tablet.  Breakfast was good, but not good. The parking was decent. The lobby was a bit noisy.  I was shocked when they sent out a super expensive transit pass to the front desk to get them to open the garage door, which was actually nice.  But even so, I was impressed.  It takes a car full of people a half mile to get in the lobby, and the room itself is beautiful.
Poor ROI! We had really bad cable on our service line at 2am and the service was awful! I have a long history of OTA and a very poor internet connection. I am unable to travel from across the street to service either hotel, however I wanted to catch this one. The call came through my AR and they sent a call to ROW. I didn't know what to expect, but they took the $15 for a lobby use, and the ROI was severely below. ROW has a good room, but feels like they know too much and aren't going to let them offer adequate room service. I'd not recommend ROW again. If the location is closer, I'm still recommending them.
I stayed here in the middle of summer for my party at Wammet for an overnight stay. The hotel in town is right across the street from a Starbucks and it is often warm. The employees are generally friendly, extremely friendly, warm and kind. It was mentioned that my valet should be more understanding, comfortable and understanding about my requests for taxis. I'm sure the valet will not return my cab as requested but should instead pick the safe, warm and serviceable hotel's service out of the bag.The valet picked up a taxi taxi out of the parking lot that I was checking out when he gave me the wrong car number. The valet simply drove off to give me the wrong taxi.Had he let me pick that taxi again, I should have been in trouble with Chicago police.I'll be back.
The hotel rooms are tiny. The rooms are in a plain old wood pallet, and the staff are rude. I am a regular patron, and while it was nice to see some great looking decor (there's a few beds in the area), it is not what I expect. Every night I wake up one morning to find my room empty, my room unbeknownst to me at that point. Should someone call 911 or come knocking on my door to shut it off, they would do the best they can. Could not have asked for more, and in a problem as major as
The only great thing is location.  Rest of the hotel is very forgettable, lacks any character.  Decor is stuck in the 90s.  Their customer service is extremely poor.  After our stay, we checked out and left the hotel for 1 hour.  We then realized my husband left his wedding ring on bedside table, so returned immediately to get it.  The room had just been cleaned, and I went in and the ring was gone.  The person who cleaned it said it wasn't there, but I know exactly where it was, and it was there.  So it was stolen.  The hotel launched an "investigation" where they determined that they were not at fault, and send me a letter letting me know that they would be doing nothing.  So we stayed in a mediocre hotel, and lost a wedding ring.  All in all, not a way to treat your customers.  If you stay here, hide your valuables.
Just go out there and be a king in NYC!  I don't mind this place.  If you really enjoy the best hotel in the city.  If you don't have money to spare, don't give this place a chance, if you don't mind going somewhere else.
I am shocked to say this hotel on the South Avenue is such a shithole with amazing, sleek, perfect view. The pool was comfortable, and the chef place a little cackling. It was, however, a tiny bit frumpy, didn't work out, and the entire package was badly wrapped. Oh the and missing bathroom card!! In the staff bathroom had an other big issue, as a result of how the people in charge were handling that. As we were making reservations, they complained to manager Tara, and to business commander, Joe. Joe refused to start us on the first page of the booking. Once we were done with the boarding pass, Joe went on to suggest another attempt at giving a star for the location. Joe was somewhat skeptical, but he thought we must have something (and neither Joe nor our hotel manager felt like driving an SUV!). Joe called over with a companion, Joe being the fashion advice guy, and wanted some photos, which quickly made it quite clear to our waitress, Alexa Davis, that this was a first class hotel. Our waitress, Mary Woitecki, was kind enough to request a two hour walk-through of the bathroom with neighbors
The only great thing is location.  Rest of the hotel is very forgettable, lacks any character.  Decor is stuck in the 90s.  Their customer service is extremely poor.  After our stay, we checked out and left the hotel for 1 hour.  We then realized my husband left his wedding ring on bedside table, so returned immediately to get it.  The room had just been cleaned, and I went in and the ring was gone.  The person who cleaned it said it wasn't there, but I know exactly where it was, and it was there.  So it was stolen.  The hotel launched an "investigation" where they determined that they were not at fault, and send me a letter letting me know that they would be doing nothing.  So we stayed in a mediocre hotel, and lost a wedding ring.  All in all, not a way to treat your customers.  If you stay here, hide your valuables.  Don't leave your money in that hotel.  Don't waste your savings, and don't leave your city credit card at home.  Rooms not always priced right.  Let them know you saw the valuables.  I'll go back and refund them as soon as possible.
The only great thing is location.  Rest of the hotel is very forgettable, lacks any character.  Decor is stuck in the 90s.  Their customer service is extremely poor.  After our stay, we checked out and left the hotel for 1 hour.  We then realized my husband left his wedding ring on bedside table, so returned immediately to get it.  The room had just been cleaned, and I went in and the ring was gone.  The person who cleaned it said it wasn't there, but I know exactly where it was, and it was there.  So it was stolen.  The hotel launched an "investigation" where they determined that they were not at fault, and send me a letter letting me know that they would be doing nothing.  So we stayed in a mediocre hotel, and lost a wedding ring.  All in all, not a way to treat your customers.  If you stay here, hide your valuables.
The only great thing is location.  Rest of the hotel is very forgettable, lacks any character.  Decor is stuck in the 90s.  Their customer service is extremely poor.  After our stay, we checked out and left the hotel for 1 hour.  We then realized my husband left his wedding ring on bedside table, so returned immediately to get it.  The room had just been cleaned, and I went in and the ring was gone.  The person who cleaned it said it wasn't there, but I know exactly where it was, and it was there.  So it was stolen.  The hotel launched an "investigation" where they determined that they were not at fault, and send me a letter letting me know that they would be doing nothing.  So we stayed in a mediocre hotel, and lost a wedding ring.  All in all, not a way to treat your customers.  If you stay here, hide your valuables.  Or even send people to set up bags.
I primarily book a room at the Palmer for their exquisite lobby. It is simply a beautiful place to enjoy a few cocktails, particularly during the holiday season.  I could care less however, for the standard guest rooms. They are unbelievably small, and often a room will be booked facing the building next door. The water pressure belonging to the sink and shower head are unusually low (which truly is not a bad thing environmentally as less water is exerted, however, I shared a room with someone that was really irritated by this.)  To my knowledge, there is no bathtub in the suites, not even on the smaller rooms with plastic sheets.  This means that, when I wanted to try out a different tub from another guest, I would have to travel out in the middle of nowhere.  For all that I experienced, the room could not beat the hotel's proximity to downtown.  Again, once I realized how difficult it was to get from the corner of the block to downtown, I was never able to sleep through the night.To put this in perspective, each of my previous guests stayed at the Ritz Carlton in the Little Italy, and some even ate here.  The Cafe Ramen may be down there to hell, but I will never forget the almost delicious (and fanciful) house of chocolate and grandiose chocolate that decorated the rooms.  I'm sure if the hotel hadn't thought twice about this, it would be the only place I would stay if I ever stayed.
I love checking out Chicago attractions, going to all of Chicago attractions over Memorial Day weekend. I usually go to a small, office hotel on Park Avenue, but in this one, all of my family and I used this grandiose hotel for travel and barter for drinks. When we checked in we got a tip for a larger room and asked if there was another hotel at the same location for wine tasting and planning. The reception desk staff was super helpful and said they would look into the situation. We got a reasonable room price of $200 for a wine tasting room and it was perfect for us. The staff was kind, efficient, and very attentive. Very creative, they arranged for additional guests to make reservations and brought in the staff as well. Great deal!  Wishing the room wouldn't have
There was no other place this affordable and comfy on the entire Western Front. How was this possibly going to be the most memorable week of my life! The Cafe Marti and Cakebox were beautiful, great decor, and the service was excellent. I usually stay at another Hotel for dinner in honor of my Birthday - or two for the weekend in honor of my daughter's birthday.  I love that the bookstores have space for large books, like The Only Book Store is fabulous! But the parking lots were not in use and the views were not very impressive.  If you have a 4K phone, and want to have a view of your room, well that is very convenient, but who would believe that the hotel staff would simply pull out a map and drive somewhere else?! This is our first time using Tonic and the thought that we should stay here until we can look out for our friends' space at a hotel has never crossed my mind!
I liked this place for everything, but I did not enjoy it as much as I did the previous one. I figured they would still be a place I would not miss on my vacation if I was really staying somewhere else.I first came across the internet in 2011 and started checking out the people behind the fridge. They didn't seem to have much interest in furniture - they seemed very lazy. It wasn't until I read through their website and decided to purchase a five star remodel that I realized that this place was very much a bedroom - rather than a modern studio. If I remember correctly they had a lovely "Olympic Room" with a large bath.  I got it because of the elevators in the room, and I got to enjoy it for what it was. On the plus side they didn't take long to get to work. They had one big round table, and we could watch movies without having to ask for permission.  It would take several trips to get it all together, but one of the walk-in attendants came to pick it up.  She gave me a towel and she was absolutely incredible. This place is such a bargain!  Our room was amazing, and  The views were very impressive.  The wine selection is superb. I never want to return to this place - I like being able to stay in a luxury hotel.I do not own a hotel, and I would recommend their The Potter House Holiday Inn instead.
This hotel is super clean and clean, perfect for couples or small business travelers! When we arrived at Hotel Allegro a few weeks ago (on a Sunday with free food), we were a little skeptical. We sat down to finish our breakfast and talked with the front desk for about 45 minutes, before we realized it was just our normal lunch. A couple of other hotel rooms in the hotel were just plain shady and I felt bad for the front desk employee. But considering the renovation work that we had performed, this one was never going to happen again. The hotel went out of business
I love the Hotel  and hope that I can get a view of most of the Chicago neighborhoods from one of the amazing hotel locations in the city.  This is the 5th best hotel in my opinion.  If you're in an area that is relatively busy, I think you might want to stay at this hotel.  Downtown is a plus, because of the indoor pool in the lobby which the hotel has gotten quite fond of.
We've been there many times over the years and tried to order drinks at the front desk in the bar. The food was mediocre and the service ridiculous. My guess was that since this was a chain hotel, because there were many bars in downtown that had free wifi and customers were very well dressed it was not the hotel we wanted. The rooms themselves were not huge but the room service was meager. I would stay here again, but until the remodeling takes place I'm not a fan of the modern look and feel of the hotel. They can't be bothered to fix this problem and certainly not in downtown Chicago.
Loved this place so much!! The rooms look like ones the floorplanter had in mind when trying to write on the wall. The sound of the shower and peeling paint are almost like muffled subway sounds. Took me a while to get used to the architectural detail, but the rooms feel truly modern.  Service is very friendly, the parking lot is seedy and quiet (the room is $70 a night, obviously not enough to make a day go by).
Our best in hotel  at BIG Little One, Chicago!  Everything was within walking distance of McCormick Park, and we were excited to stay. The carpet is thin and it could ruin our lives if you walk outside.  We finally felt comfortable and gave the Guest Service a try.  The decor is awesome, the complimentary drinks were exceptionally refreshing and the staff loved eating free cookies, muffins, and roasting eggs.  While the room size did add up, the place also has a modern spa in the living area with concierge service. In the early mornings, we had dinner and received friendly tips from the Guest Service directly in front of the building.  When not the service would be interested in our food, despite asking about the better service in front of us. We went back to the W Hotel after we had dinner, and had a good time.
where do I start. The GM was a nice guy for handling the incident I had. Anthony -the Concierge - set me up with a massage when the reservation at the spa i requested was unavailable. Anthony said he knew this spa and it was nice. He set me up and quoted me a price of $125, When i got to the spa (which was actually a seedy nail and hair salon) i saw on the front window that a massage for an hour was $100 with 20% off. At the end of the massage I gave the lady $100 and said thanks you can keep the change, She insisted that I got "A Hotel Rate" because Anthony set me up. She called Anthony and confirmed the rate then told me she had to go and pay Anthony the difference - $45. She then offered me a ride to the hotel since she was going there which I declined. In short - shady dealings with this place. I was quite taken back. The GM Selman comp'd me a night but, I felt swindled big time. Stay somewhere else. The concierge has something going on...you get what you pay for. (Not to mention Free View in iTunes
where do I start. The GM was a nice guy for handling the incident I had. Anthony -the Concierge - set me up with a massage when the reservation at the spa i requested was unavailable. Anthony said he knew this spa and it was nice. He set me up and quoted me a price of $125, When i got to the spa (which was actually a seedy nail and hair salon) i saw on the front window that a massage for an hour was $100 with 20% off. At the end of the massage I gave the lady $100 and said thanks you can keep the change, She insisted that I got "A Hotel Rate" because Anthony set me up. She called Anthony and confirmed the rate then told me she had to go and pay Anthony the difference - $45. She then offered me a ride to the hotel since she was going there which I declined. In short - shady dealings with this place. I was quite taken back. The GM Selman comp'd me a night but, I felt swindled big time. Stay somewhere else. The concierge has something going on...what?
where do I start. The GM was a nice guy for handling the incident I had. Anthony -the Concierge - set me up with a massage when the reservation at the spa i requested was unavailable. Anthony said he knew this spa and it was nice. He set me up and quoted me a price of $125, When i got to the spa (which was actually a seedy nail and hair salon) i saw on the front window that a massage for an hour was $100 with 20% off. At the end of the massage I gave the lady $100 and said thanks you can keep the change, She insisted that I got "A Hotel Rate" because Anthony set me up. She called Anthony and confirmed the rate then told me she had to go and pay Anthony the difference - $45. She then offered me a ride to the hotel since she was going there which I declined. In short - shady dealings with this place. I was quite taken back. The GM Selman comp'd me a night but, I felt swindled big time. Stay somewhere else. The concierge has something going on... just hear the ladies say nothing, stay at this place. http://apparelexphoto.com/w/271440-SN5_40/
where do I start. The GM was a nice guy for handling the incident I had. Anthony -the Concierge - set me up with a massage when the reservation at the spa i requested was unavailable. Anthony said he knew this spa and it was nice. He set me up and quoted me a price of $125, When i got to the spa (which was actually a seedy nail and hair salon) i saw on the front window that a massage for an hour was $100 with 20% off. At the end of the massage I gave the lady $100 and said thanks you can keep the change, She insisted that I got "A Hotel Rate" because Anthony set me up. She called Anthony and confirmed the rate then told me she had to go and pay Anthony the difference - $45. She then offered me a ride to the hotel since she was going there which I declined. In short - shady dealings with this place. I was quite taken back. The GM Selman comp'd me a night but, I felt swindled big time. Stay somewhere else. The concierge has something going on...but i just don't see it!
I would never stay at this hotel again. I booked a king suite for my sister's bachelorette weekend so we'd have space to get ready and open some gifts before heading out for the night. When we checked in (at 5:15 p.m.) we were informed that the previous night's guests had checked out late so the room was not clean. They kindly provided us with drink vouchers and we settled in to the martini bar to wait for what we assumed would be a reasonable amount of time. AN HOUR AND A HALF LATER I revisited the desk and asked what was going on. I was informed that the previous night's guests actually hadn't checked out until 45 MINUTES AFTER we had arrived at 6 p.m. (check in is listed at 3 p.m.). This was directly in conflict with the previous statement that "housecleaning is in the room cleaning it right now." Despite checking in at 5 p.m. WE WERE NOT ABLE TO GET INTO THE ROOM UNTIL 7:30 p.m. (four and a half hours after we were supposed to be able to check in). Hotel staff could only say "sorry, we really have no control over when guests leave." What?!  While we were waiting, three other guests came to the desk with assorted other complaints. The hotel room phones did not work so we had to use cell phones to call the front desk. Staff noted that they did not work but did not come to fix them until we were checking out the next day. In addition, we had to ask three times for extra beverage glasses (which took a half an hour to show up), and had to request linens for the fold out bed as well. Speaking with upper management the day after was less than delightful. They did agree to deduct a small portion of the room price, but only after repeat
I would never stay at this hotel again. I booked a king suite for my sister's bachelorette weekend so we'd have space to get ready and open some gifts before heading out for the night. When we checked in (at 5:15 p.m.) we were informed that the previous night's guests had checked out late so the room was not clean. They kindly provided us with drink vouchers and we settled in to the martini bar to wait for what we assumed would be a reasonable amount of time. AN HOUR AND A HALF LATER I revisited the desk and asked what was going on. I was informed that the previous night's guests actually hadn't checked out until 45 MINUTES AFTER we had arrived at 6 p.m. (check in is listed at 3 p.m.). This was directly in conflict with the previous statement that "housecleaning is in the room cleaning it right now." Despite checking in at 5 p.m. WE WERE NOT ABLE TO GET INTO THE ROOM UNTIL 7:30 p.m. (four and a half hours after we were supposed to be able to check in). Hotel staff could only say "sorry, we really have no control over when guests leave." What?!  While we were waiting, three other guests came to the desk with assorted other complaints. The hotel room phones did not work so we had to use cell phones to call the front desk. Staff noted that they did not work but did not come to fix them until we were checking out the next day. In addition, we had to ask three times for extra beverage glasses (which took a half an hour to show up), and had to request linens for the fold out bed as well. Speaking with upper management the day after was less than delightful. They did agree to deduct a small portion of the room price, but only after repeat
I would never stay at this hotel again. I booked a king suite for my sister's bachelorette weekend so we'd have space to get ready and open some gifts before heading out for the night. When we checked in (at 5:15 p.m.) we were informed that the previous night's guests had checked out late so the room was not clean. They kindly provided us with drink vouchers and we settled in to the martini bar to wait for what we assumed would be a reasonable amount of time. AN HOUR AND A HALF LATER I revisited the desk and asked what was going on. I was informed that the previous night's guests actually hadn't checked out until 45 MINUTES AFTER we had arrived at 6 p.m. (check in is listed at 3 p.m.). This was directly in conflict with the previous statement that "housecleaning is in the room cleaning it right now." Despite checking in at 5 p.m. WE WERE NOT ABLE TO GET INTO THE ROOM UNTIL 7:30 p.m. (four and a half hours after we were supposed to be able to check in). Hotel staff could only say "sorry, we really have no control over when guests leave." What?!  While we were waiting, three other guests came to the desk with assorted other complaints. The hotel room phones did not work so we had to use cell phones to call the front desk. Staff noted that they did not work but did not come to fix them until we were checking out the next day. In addition, we had to ask three times for extra beverage glasses (which took a half an hour to show up), and had to request linens for the fold out bed as well. Speaking with upper management the day after was less than delightful. They did agree to deduct a small portion of the room price, but only after repeat
I would never stay at this hotel again. I booked a king suite for my sister's bachelorette weekend so we'd have space to get ready and open some gifts before heading out for the night. When we checked in (at 5:15 p.m.) we were informed that the previous night's guests had checked out late so the room was not clean. They kindly provided us with drink vouchers and we settled in to the martini bar to wait for what we assumed would be a reasonable amount of time. AN HOUR AND A HALF LATER I revisited the desk and asked what was going on. I was informed that the previous night's guests actually hadn't checked out until 45 MINUTES AFTER we had arrived at 6 p.m. (check in is listed at 3 p.m.). This was directly in conflict with the previous statement that "housecleaning is in the room cleaning it right now." Despite checking in at 5 p.m. WE WERE NOT ABLE TO GET INTO THE ROOM UNTIL 7:30 p.m. (four and a half hours after we were supposed to be able to check in). Hotel staff could only say "sorry, we really have no control over when guests leave." What?!  While we were waiting, three other guests came to the desk with assorted other complaints. The hotel room phones did not work so we had to use cell phones to call the front desk. Staff noted that they did not work but did not come to fix them until we were checking out the next day. In addition, we had to ask three times for extra beverage glasses (which took a half an hour to show up), and had to request linens for the fold out bed as well. Speaking with upper management the day after was less than delightful. They did agree to deduct a small portion of the room price, but only after repeat
I stayed in a beautiful apartment over the weekend and wow, was shocked and disappointed that I couldn't book another room at Chicago Bed and Breakfast !  The place is truly amazing, comfortable and so close to a hotel, our room was unique. I called the employee to let me know that we had a complimentary room available for the price of a night. She greeted me and informed me that our "boyfriend" had stayed in the room. I'm not sure if it was because of the room, or my boyfriend and he were holding up the front door when the maid entered it, but they gave us a clean room in just a few minutes.  The service is great, really great in my opinion, and quite reasonable compared to the Hyatt Regency suites in the area. It's far from a cheap motel, but it's well worth a call.
We were staying at an ex-Gay bar called Mike's and their really great service.  We were accomodated with the funky old retro vibe, decor, trendy tote bags, the original smoke machine and service.  And don't forget that there are free wifi.  We ordered our drinks, which was a fluke, as suggested by the bartenders, who actually walked us through the process.  Although it was a perfect fit for us, the drinks don't really serve much and would only be "drink" if you wanted a light kick in the heart of the evening.  It was actually a nice touch if the service was what you were looking for.  It wasn't a good place to be and the view was pretty bad.We returned for the night and we found that the pool was really cool.  My wife is planning on staying in the La Quinta Bar (which is full of all types of cold beverages), which is nice and it wasn't that busy.  It was more of a hotel problem, but I loved the location, close to all the nice restaurants (such as Octopus Bar, Crown Tenders, Little Shop of Horrors etc.).The views were only really good for our four guests.  The water was non-existent, the lights were on too dim and the smoke was terrible.One reservation I made was for the Pitcher Hotel which was delightful.  The valet parking is $1/night, which would be much cheaper than the cheap suite.  But we found out through the joint that the Hotwire's offers didn't include parking, as stated in our book.  So if you wanted to shuttle you with two people to a big hotel and then head out, we suggest it.
The valet parking is expensive, but the hotel is pretty nice for a Hampton Inn. The rate I paid was perfect. Room was a little low, though, but comfortable enough, and all the members were friendly and accommodating. That said, the valet parking is great, and the room was kept a secret. As for the massage, I went ahead and we drove there, because we thought they thought it was a little shady, but after the massage, we felt like we should have stayed there instead. In short: if you want a free spa, go ahead. I guess I'll check it out again.
Great hotel! From the description, the beds are great, large staff size, fabulous wallpaper, and overall a great place to stay for family or friends. -exceptional staff. All their windows are nice and the room is gorgeous, the bathroom is on the left side, the staff is all very friendly and friendly, the service is fantastic. --Everyone loved the room. -all the rooms are very clean and amazing for the price. Highly recommend!! Great location! -great location!!
My stay was on 8/20 -21/2011.  A friend and I had adjoining rooms on the 9th floor. I am in my 50's meaning I have stayed in many, many hotels over the years. The bed in my  room was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in, in my life! The hotel staff was wonderful and the room was very spacious.  I was told I was in the old part of the hotel and that the older rooms are bigger than the newer part. I love old, so for me to see the original hardware, etc., meant a lot to me.  When I return, and I will, I will request the same room or at least the floor. Love it, love it! Don't miss out on this great historic opportunity! In reading some of the other posts regarding the speed of the elevators...who cares? Really, are our lives that insanely rushed that one has to complain about the speed of an elevator? Life is the journey not the destination.  I have to add this from a "fan". " If the elevator was taking them to see their maker, they would think the elevator was going too fast." How profound. Let's reflect on that comment people. - Marty Hogan, Hampton Inn & Suites On 8/15/2011, at 12:57 PM, Todd Wittner <Todd.Witt.Witt.@gmail.com<mailto:Todd.Witt.Witt.Tpp@comcast.net<javascript:_e(%7B%7D,'cvml','Todd.Witt.Witt.@gmail.com');>> wrote: <yreno.parini@gateway/web/freenode/ip.38.43.120.206/8500 zmgestera</yreno.parini@gateway/web/freenode/ip.28.33.189.200/850 but hey, still fast. oh yeah and what a taste. You wanted to get the first guy to give you what you wanted? Hooray! Glad we went to the Best Western! - Phil Macleod, Lincoln Lodge Hotel - Chicago/Oakland, IL;Bed up for 5 stars (Room wise) for breakfast/lunch at 2:15pm with a p
My stay was on 8/20 -21/2011.  A friend and I had adjoining rooms on the 9th floor. I am in my 50's meaning I have stayed in many, many hotels over the years. The bed in my  room was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in, in my life! The hotel staff was wonderful and the room was very spacious.  I was told I was in the old part of the hotel and that the older rooms are bigger than the newer part. I love old, so for me to see the original hardware, etc., meant a lot to me.  When I return, and I will, I will request the same room or at least the floor. Love it, love it! Don't miss out on this great historic opportunity! In reading some of the other posts regarding the speed of the elevators...who cares? Really, are our lives that insanely rushed that one has to complain about the speed of an elevator? Life is the journey not the destination.  I have to add this from a "fan". " If the elevator was taking them to see their maker, they would think the elevator was going too fast." How profound. Let's reflect on that comment people.  " When I paid for my room it was at $35/night so I was aware of speed limits. Why didn't they tell me I was getting the speed limit when they could do so when it was in their own building?" Did these people care about the speed limits when they opened a fast food joint or near a shady corner shopping center with no access to cable? Should we expect speed limits in the day or night? Is the Grand Hyatt a good value for an existing hotel that does not have any direct commercial use, a little left over from customer service referrals to an airport, a garage sale, etc.?  Unless you are a property manager
My stay was on 8/20 -21/2011.  A friend and I had adjoining rooms on the 9th floor. I am in my 50's meaning I have stayed in many, many hotels over the years. The bed in my  room was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in, in my life! The hotel staff was wonderful and the room was very spacious.  I was told I was in the old part of the hotel and that the older rooms are bigger than the newer part. I love old, so for me to see the original hardware, etc., meant a lot to me.  When I return, and I will, I will request the same room or at least the floor. Love it, love it! Don't miss out on this great historic opportunity! In reading some of the other posts regarding the speed of the elevators...who cares? Really, are our lives that insanely rushed that one has to complain about the speed of an elevator? Life is the journey not the destination.  I have to add this from a "fan". " If the elevator was taking them to see their maker, they would think the elevator was going too fast." How profound. Let's reflect on that comment people. While that I never took it as a compliment, I did write an article, on my blog, and did even use Facebook as a huge calling card. Being a massive fan of travel, I could tell that your high levels of comfort and customer service helped me through this. Now I will tell you what had to change. I was planning to write a review about this hotel a couple of weeks ago because I would like to offer a two-star rating. If you need something that has more personality to you, please consider Yelp. It is a great place for travel, and will bring the person to your corner for more thought-provoking posts and discuss
My stay was on 8/20 -21/2011.  A friend and I had adjoining rooms on the 9th floor. I am in my 50's meaning I have stayed in many, many hotels over the years. The bed in my  room was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in, in my life! The hotel staff was wonderful and the room was very spacious.  I was told I was in the old part of the hotel and that the older rooms are bigger than the newer part. I love old, so for me to see the original hardware, etc., meant a lot to me.  When I return, and I will, I will request the same room or at least the floor. Love it, love it! Don't miss out on this great historic opportunity! In reading some of the other posts regarding the speed of the elevators...who cares? Really, are our lives that insanely rushed that one has to complain about the speed of an elevator? Life is the journey not the destination.  I have to add this from a "fan". " If the elevator was taking them to see their maker, they would think the elevator was going too fast." How profound. Let's reflect on that comment people. People in hotels make it difficult. For what it's worth, the speed/value/security of the elevators were usually in the upper 90s. Average comfortable hotels have better elevators that feel like they were built in the 90s. Unless you've never been to a fancy boutique hotel and saw the bowling alley, it is very difficult to compare elevators. All in all, it was awesome seeing our friend Ernie get up to the last 20 floors (even better, getting to "Still the Chicago") without being the person who worked on this one. On top of that, Ernie did a fantastic job doing laundry in the laundry room. Some of the p
How cool.  However, despite being in downtown Chicago, the guest suite at Villa Roosevelt was small, and was small business compared to its upscale American cousin at the Ritz.  It is looking to get back into the luxury soul of Chicago!We stayed at House Secretant on the 11th floor, and it is a historic estate.  For some reason, the hotel doesn't have a key that runs free when we book rooms at this location! It was very cool seeing the guys at House Secretant can simply leave their keys in the room without looking to check out, even when we have a beautiful view of the city and the historic neighborhoods.Loved the Architecture class very much.  As a matter of fact, we found out that the sofa was not that bad. We also enjoyed the small closet and tub, and the wi-fi was excellent!Did not stay here to plan the weekend but looked forward to planning it more!
We stayed at the hotel this past weekend for the 2010 Cubs Convention. The staff was horrible, and unattentive.  Next year we will definitely be staying elsewhere, maybe somewhere that cares about customer service! For now it's my alley, so expect a fight.
Stayed here again this weekend, booked a room for 3 friends, there was no problem, yet I got unruly and the room was too loud. So had to cancel, turned in my room, shut it, I fixed it with a single lockhammer in the 2nd floor, placed a clean floss back and forth, and asked to be entered, again I should've verified on the floss and stuff, but now it's not sure if I was lying to the room checker or not. Oh, and in case you are a classy hotel, there's a nearby pool in the gym or bathroom. Poor security is here too. Did I mention there are easy, cheap hotels right across the street? Did I mention the restaurants? Really, really bad security. Definitely not stay here again.
I think this hotel made a lot of people think that I was a dummy.    I have to give them credit for doing a great job with this hotel.   There are few establishments that make the beautiful Chicago skyline look like a fake.   I'm amazed how many people try to put that impression, since the buildings are not as opulent as we may think.   The rooms were clean and spacious.    The service is great, but I was informed that we could pick up a small advance fee for a housekeeping tip if we left the room smelling like piss.   Had to ask my friend to be polite and asked her to send an email, since I am a business owner who has no particular business accreditation from either the city or business for my business.  I stayed in a half the floor room and received NO CHECK OUT's from the check-out agents, which is completely standard procedure for most such arrangements.  There were no concierge staff to provide concierges with complimentary drinks.  Suffice
Pretty much up and down the Western Washington coast from last time - an incredible town to visit. Some early reviews were pleasant but no real upgrade is required. Plenty of "Doge", candy bar, booze. In addition the hotel itself is filthy, no bed in the bathroom, and the lobby is dark. Never played this game. The rooms are tiny, the bathroom is shallow and not flat, but clean. Overall for the price I am very satisfied with my stay here and recommend it to anyone looking for something new and better than the old colonial style guest rooms we returned to.
Nice hotel, but draconian fees for wifi even in the lobby left a bad feeling. The room was comfy, the food in the restaurant was great. There's a large gym, but they could do a better job of cleaning it. The bathroom at the Ballroom Hotel is extremely small and the lockers in the toilet are not adequate. The lobby wall was $5/night and only $5/night when trying to use my elevator/traffic. There were problems, but nothing major.Overall, the accommodation was a good buy and at $8/night, it's not bad.
Fantastic space  Rooms comfortable  Great staff  Good attitude as well Asking prices for rooms  Bathroom clean  Excellent location
I called here on 1/2/17 to book my hotel room for only $14/night. I needed a room in downtown Chicago and had no choice but to book it just because of "how awesome" it was! The room I booked through Skystar was a short walk away from the other side of the Little Michigan that was basically the corner Starbucks. We only had one choice of who to pick -- the hotel chain, Starbucks, or the Chicago Cubs -- and no hotel tipping. I had to stay there for 3 hours to get a hotel room with decent rooms. I got to speak with one of the "test personnel" for our room the day before I would be taking the reservation, and she did this in such a cool, unassuming manner. She told me the others on the line were supernice, would usually take me up to a steakhouse within 15 minutes or so, didn't book a hotel during check-in or time. Here are some other great comments from Skystar employees: "Hey "I just booked a room for you because you know that you can just walk away for an hour, because they charge just $8" for a quick trip back to the mini Starbucks. Yes, it is disappointing that Skystar wouldn't know my hotel room need cleaning. Let's get back to the seating area where we were initially told to go, the chairs were too small and the
The Ritz Carlton Chicago doesn't compare to the other Ritz Carltons throughout the U.S. It has an older decor feel, like a Floridian sun room. It doesn't have that classy feel...and for the money, isn't that what you want? I went to a wedding here and although the main course was good, the rest was subpar and the room was a little blah. So if you're looking to stay in a nice hotel in Chicago or have a wedding downtown, consider The Peninsula, The Intercontinental or The Sofitel....my personal faves.
The Ritz Carlton Chicago doesn't compare to the other Ritz Carltons throughout the U.S. It has an older decor feel, like a Floridian sun room. It doesn't have that classy feel...and for the money, isn't that what you want? I went to a wedding here and although the main course was good, the rest was subpar and the room was a little blah. So if you're looking to stay in a nice hotel in Chicago or have a wedding downtown, consider The Peninsula, The Intercontinental or The Sofitel....my personal faves.
Beautiful hotel! Very nice decor and ease of use! Very hot front desk staff and staff welcoming! The rooms are very nice! Well appointed, not as fancy as the rest of the hotels and modern & modern furniture.Great place to stay, decorate, watch tv, read, etc. Nice rooms with a comfortable outdoor desk and a great kitchen & bath.Location is less expensive than other hotels I have stayed in, but still reasonably convenient.A few rooms in the Hotel are more expensive. There are elevators only on the right side of the building, which goes against my recommendation of such large elevators.Renteromizers are available! Starbucks only around the corner with some iced coffee machine options.Just look out for at least one emergency medicine in every room.There is no one health insurance here, so get an online plan if you plan on staying here. The hot tub for 1 person is really nice but I wouldn't consider staying here over a coffee or valet.
Totally not worth it. Great hotel, fantastic location, great service, sweet staff and always stay at the top of the hotel at the expense of the quality of the service it provides. Great price. Really needs to retrain of the respect system that keeps taxis unattended. Staff sucks and embarrassing. Staff waitstaff sucks and annoying. A little tricky work if you try to talk to the room but doing that takes time. You have to walk all the way in to get your hotel picked up and get a personal report. Then head into another room where you'll find room service and the staff takes care of that. You have a very soft welcome at the checkout...again the hotel cannot handle this kind of warm, comfy hospitality. Kinda sucks. Place definitely needs to clean and lock the doors (pun intended). We did check in again the
The Ritz Carlton Chicago doesn't compare to the other Ritz Carltons throughout the U.S. It has an older decor feel, like a Floridian sun room. It doesn't have that classy feel...and for the money, isn't that what you want? I went to a wedding here and although the main course was good, the rest was subpar and the room was a little blah. So if you're looking to stay in a nice hotel in Chicago or have a wedding downtown, consider The Peninsula, The Intercontinental or The Sofitel....my personal faves.Don't forget...free wifi!!!! Great family friendly service...best hotel in Chicago you will find!!Great spot to stay for an intimate weekend getaway with family or friends.The staff is very friendly!  The place is reasonably priced.  I am staying with my dad and some friends because we were staying at The Honor Hotel.  A few of the things you'll notice in the area you'll notice, it's an all-American city...but overall Chicago is hip and modern.
The Ritz Carlton Chicago doesn't compare to the other Ritz Carltons throughout the U.S. It has an older decor feel, like a Floridian sun room. It doesn't have that classy feel...and for the money, isn't that what you want? I went to a wedding here and although the main course was good, the rest was subpar and the room was a little blah. So if you're looking to stay in a nice hotel in Chicago or have a wedding downtown, consider The Peninsula, The Intercontinental or The Sofitel....my personal faves.
Absolutely, OMGOMP! The bar is close to the Lincoln Temple, more or less the most romantic and amazing in the whole city. The lobby is a huge perfection. The service is excellent. The staff is friendly and there are a great number of people to help you with any of your needs. The proximity to the Mag Mile and other attractions for all that is gratifying. I'm not sure where to begin, but just know that I won't be staying here again in a heartbeat! So, worth checking out for the world's cheapest hotel!
I'm staying here again to finally enjoy an anniversary party at the hotel.My 2nd year anniversary is coming up soon. I found this hotel recently and it was very nice. It is not very busy and the rooms are clean and have some furniture available for rent. Also, the building layout is modern with nice furnishings (wooden desk, ornaments, wallpaper, etc) and the barber is a bit old (around 90).All in all, this location is perfect for a nice cozy night's rest or a late night relaxing stay.
My husband and I stayed here one night to discuss hotel policy (such as "limits on catering" and all that). When we returned from the restaurant, the lobby was very ornate, but not as beautiful as we remembered from previous stays at the hotel. The service was frustrating and a little misleading. The proximity to Park Place  in central downtown Chicago would leave you wondering how they could have known. Some hotels have you in bed, sometimes waiting in a hallway waiting for your request to be delivered. I would never recommend going to a hotel with a lobby that may have the appearance of being a cross between hotel and barber shop. I would recommend to consider the Architectural Institute of Chicago Chicago, if you have a view of downtown (no other hotel
Looks gorgeous, but I went and checked out for a quick meet up. When I arrived, the hotel was thin and didn't have a big fan base. So when I called, the head hotel manager replied, "They offer free rooms - stay at this one!" So we walked in and found ourselves in another room. OMG! When we first looked inside the room, they said they were in a hurry, so it was a bit of a mess. It seemed like they were taking time off of building up rooms for me, but when we looked outside the windows, they looked like they wanted to let me see the bed. There was no lock at all on the door, only a black chair facing out. They would try to lock the door if I jumped in and get out with my kids (nephew) instead of calling back. It was gross. I've stayed at many other hotels in my life. I could only suggest this hotel to people I know and that they stay at!
Love the Luxe old wooden beds!!  I really enjoyed the two was as I had a time when not alot of beds were available.  The staff was very helpful and friendly!!  The room was free of  clammy sized soap, like many hotels where I stay.  The bedrooms were both clean and nice with contemporary models.  There are a few bathroom sinks, which I don't like, but don't use them.  The beds are very comfortable and comfortable.  The valet also had some coffee at the door which was wonderful!
Stayed in downtown Chicago for some stellar weeknight party.  I am excited to say the most expensive hotel I've ever stayed in gets my rave review.  Speaking of rave reviews, yay!  The reception at the hotel was pretty good and there was some great drinks and a delicious wine selection.  And yes, the hotel has some things to look forward to.  During my stay, security at the Chicago location stepped up their security and if there is any problem with your room, they will do their best to resolve it for you in advance.  I went ahead and ended up being extremely polite with the hotel manager as I handled the situation.  As mentioned before, there were some serious issues with the lock-out button in the hotel room
Where do I begin?? There are so many horrible things i want to sayh about this place. I just couldn't believe it. My fiance and I went to a show at a club right down the street from the milshire........we drove 3 hours to see the concert, and wanted to stay the night, and didn't want to drive far to a hotel...... Well, we ended up going home anyway ater exoeriencing this hotel for only about 15 minutes.Absolutely disgusting. I knew it wasn't looking good as we were walking up the stairs to our room. It hadnt looked like the carpet ahd been vacuumed in months. There was a cigarette butt on the step. We paid 52$ for a private room, a single room means you pay 34$, but have to share a bathroom with your neighbor. Who the F@@@ wants to do that.This room was amaller than an efficiency apartment. There were missing tiles in the showers. It was dirty, filthy, and disgusting. The ceiling had a huge crack in it, with rust and paint chipping. There were two roaches in the drawers of the dresser. As i pulled back back the sheets to check them out, I saw cigarette burn holes and stains. THe plate that held a big cup for ice and plastic cups had cigarette burns on it also.The windows had paint chipping on them as well, with graffitti spray painted on two windows.This was the worst hotel I've ever seen. We did not stay the night. We wasted 52$ on some pig stye room. As we left I got the managers business card. i agree with a past review, this place is for hookers ands junkies.....and bums.....Really creepy atmosphere.I've stayed at the Dollar Inn before, and compared to this place, the Dollar Inn is a Hilton.  I don't understand how the Health D
Where do I begin?? There are so many horrible things i want to sayh about this place. I just couldn't believe it. My fiance and I went to a show at a club right down the street from the milshire........we drove 3 hours to see the concert, and wanted to stay the night, and didn't want to drive far to a hotel...... Well, we ended up going home anyway ater exoeriencing this hotel for only about 15 minutes.Absolutely disgusting. I knew it wasn't looking good as we were walking up the stairs to our room. It hadnt looked like the carpet ahd been vacuumed in months. There was a cigarette butt on the step. We paid 52$ for a private room, a single room means you pay 34$, but have to share a bathroom with your neighbor. Who the F@@@ wants to do that.This room was amaller than an efficiency apartment. There were missing tiles in the showers. It was dirty, filthy, and disgusting. The ceiling had a huge crack in it, with rust and paint chipping. There were two roaches in the drawers of the dresser. As i pulled back back the sheets to check them out, I saw cigarette burn holes and stains. THe plate that held a big cup for ice and plastic cups had cigarette burns on it also.The windows had paint chipping on them as well, with graffitti spray painted on two windows.This was the worst hotel I've ever seen. We did not stay the night. We wasted 52$ on some pig stye room. As we left I got the managers business card. i agree with a past review, this place is for hookers ands junkies.....and bums.....Really creepy atmosphere.I've stayed at the Dollar Inn before, and compared to this place, the Dollar Inn is a Hilton.  I don't understand how the Health D
Where do I begin?? There are so many horrible things i want to sayh about this place. I just couldn't believe it. My fiance and I went to a show at a club right down the street from the milshire........we drove 3 hours to see the concert, and wanted to stay the night, and didn't want to drive far to a hotel...... Well, we ended up going home anyway ater exoeriencing this hotel for only about 15 minutes.Absolutely disgusting. I knew it wasn't looking good as we were walking up the stairs to our room. It hadnt looked like the carpet ahd been vacuumed in months. There was a cigarette butt on the step. We paid 52$ for a private room, a single room means you pay 34$, but have to share a bathroom with your neighbor. Who the F@@@ wants to do that.This room was amaller than an efficiency apartment. There were missing tiles in the showers. It was dirty, filthy, and disgusting. The ceiling had a huge crack in it, with rust and paint chipping. There were two roaches in the drawers of the dresser. As i pulled back back the sheets to check them out, I saw cigarette burn holes and stains. THe plate that held a big cup for ice and plastic cups had cigarette burns on it also.The windows had paint chipping on them as well, with graffitti spray painted on two windows.This was the worst hotel I've ever seen. We did not stay the night. We wasted 52$ on some pig stye room. As we left I got the managers business card. i agree with a past review, this place is for hookers ands junkies.....and bums.....Really creepy atmosphere.I've stayed at the Dollar Inn before, and compared to this place, the Dollar Inn is a Hilton.  I don't understand how the Health D
Where do I begin?? There are so many horrible things i want to sayh about this place. I just couldn't believe it. My fiance and I went to a show at a club right down the street from the milshire........we drove 3 hours to see the concert, and wanted to stay the night, and didn't want to drive far to a hotel...... Well, we ended up going home anyway ater exoeriencing this hotel for only about 15 minutes.Absolutely disgusting. I knew it wasn't looking good as we were walking up the stairs to our room. It hadnt looked like the carpet ahd been vacuumed in months. There was a cigarette butt on the step. We paid 52$ for a private room, a single room means you pay 34$, but have to share a bathroom with your neighbor. Who the F@@@ wants to do that.This room was amaller than an efficiency apartment. There were missing tiles in the showers. It was dirty, filthy, and disgusting. The ceiling had a huge crack in it, with rust and paint chipping. There were two roaches in the drawers of the dresser. As i pulled back back the sheets to check them out, I saw cigarette burn holes and stains. THe plate that held a big cup for ice and plastic cups had cigarette burns on it also.The windows had paint chipping on them as well, with graffitti spray painted on two windows.This was the worst hotel I've ever seen. We did not stay the night. We wasted 52$ on some pig stye room. As we left I got the managers business card. i agree with a past review, this place is for hookers ands junkies.....and bums.....Really creepy atmosphere.I've stayed at the Dollar Inn before, and compared to this place, the Dollar Inn is a Hilton.  I don't understand how the Health D
Bad for me this is my top rated resort stay in Chicago. Don't get yourself locked into this place - would definitely stay elsewhere.  The housekeeper was abuzz with the new star at 9/30/14 and didn't have any problems making her hotel cool down. The rooms are spacious, very clean and very clean of any early days or hotels having problems.  For the price, it is OK, but I cannot recommend it.
As a stayered a couple in the South at Del Mar Hotel on the morning of September 6th for a pay check, I was stunned and dissatisfied with the hotel's management.  Did I mention the number of incoming guests in their room or what their rooms were to the table?  This hotel was mean, dirty, slow service and had tons of unruly guests.  The place was not clean -  ample improvement in the staff in the room, but also very demanding.  If a customer wants to complain, and is not sure what to do with the complaints he made regarding treatment, the elevators were quick and the staff rude.  If you're happy to pay another way, the point is you'll feel fine.  This one could be a TOWN FACTORY.
a nice stay I really liked staying in this hotel during a week of college here.  The room looked stunning but it wasn't too tiny for a Western gentleman to walk in.  Lots of doors leading to hotel bathrooms and that was it.    I would never go back. I hope it doesn't have to do with W Hotel seeing as how the front desk was very accommodating and courteous.  Let's just say the view is far better than I expected from me walking in.
I had a stay at 3+ this week.   It was great!   Our rooms are large.
This is by far one of the worst establishments in town.   The front desk makes absolutely no effort to charge you for service while you wait for your drinks (all at once, in the parking lot)  The store itself is completely unfair and makes no effort to accurately rate you.  My friend & I stayed at an El Perche the night of our stay.  The room was dirty and small (200x200 cm) and had a shower - I only tried this time because I was hungry so I had to use the bathroom and some of the bathrooms to get my clothes dry.  My BF and I stayed at La Vie Hotel nearby which has a huge number of hotels for sure. I also found this place because of the non-smoking bathrooms.  We got married 4 months ago and it had absolutely nothing to do with smoking (even when there were no smoke detectors or smoking) and had a completely different view to our room.  The dressers that you place next to your bed do NOT work.  I will return if I have any  more problems and get an upgrade.
My parents and I stayed here for several days before returning. For the first time we liked it! I usually stay at bars and restaurants around the city but this time, I opted for the high class downtown, also feeling a little overdone. The place is lovely and easy to navigate. The best part is that we had a great experience with valet parking, which was very convenient. Their downtown location has many shopping malls with extensive street parking available, so the outdoor seating area was great too! The staff is extremely friendly and very helpful! We used to go to movies with our group on a Friday, but since it's been my birthday and we don't have any business with the Westin, I felt that we'd only really have to stay a few nights. Besides that, we had amazing reservations and appreciated the customer service during the day. The best part about having the Downtown Lux is that you get to experience Downtown Seattle at your own pace. If you don't like downtown (if you don't like those train elevators or bus/high speed (which you can't really afford), you can pick the Downtown from all the different locations here on this review site) and have yourself a party. There
The rooftop has the greatest views! The drinks are a bit expensive but well worth it. The staff is friendly and they play a great variety of music.  The bar was located on a cliff overlooking the lake while our flight was coming in.  The view from the rooftop can be quite breathtaking.  At one point in time, when we made reservations at Universal for night, our manager asked us if we had been using that hotel's concierge transportation system to have our reservations.  We were already booked in the event, and the concierge didn't look impressed with our "free" rooms.  The other thing about the hotel: It's small. I believe that is a bonus, given that the hotel is located in less than 45 minutes' walk from hotels in nearby Denver.  But it does look very dated.  The Magnificent Mile is good, but the city gets really crowded! All in all, I think this is a bad hotel that should be stayed somewhere else.
I have been staying at a club for some time now and never had a bad experience there. It's very small and in a very upscale setting. I usually visit for a quick drink in the evening and they have an actual bar.  Other times we simply go out for an after-work or weekend brunch. This was a great venue for this event and it had its own star view of the Plaza and the Castle.  Great bar and atmosphere.
This boutique hotel has a very personal approach to your stay here. The bellman, Perry, was so helpful and asked questions not just to ask them, but he truly carried on a conversation about where I was from, how my flight was,and took such great care fo make me feel welcome. I love the staff because they have such a warm, friendly approach, not stiff and uptight. The apartment I rented across from Talbot had such a horrible dirty place when I showed up, and came back to Talbott after discovering my apartment had mold( yes, 25 E. Delaware) and the stove in kitchen leaked gas. I had no help from my apartment people at the condition of my apartment. When i came back to Talbott to stay, they came across the street to this place I was staying and brought my bags over, put me in the same room I had before I went to the apartment from hell, and were so kind and understanding. I ate dinner in the bar that evening,and George gave very excellent service,and this hotel feels like home... I have stayed many other places..five star hotels,and there was always some crotchety person that made it not so great. But Talbott...with their huge bath towels,turn down service, timely room service, excellent concuerge, fabulous front desk girls make this Chicago hotel my number one choice, hands down!! Love it.,,love it...will be back very soon.
This boutique hotel has a very personal approach to your stay here. The bellman, Perry, was so helpful and asked questions not just to ask them, but he truly carried on a conversation about where I was from, how my flight was,and took such great care fo make me feel welcome. I love the staff because they have such a warm, friendly approach, not stiff and uptight. The apartment I rented across from Talbot had such a horrible dirty place when I showed up, and came back to Talbott after discovering my apartment had mold( yes, 25 E. Delaware) and the stove in kitchen leaked gas. I had no help from my apartment people at the condition of my apartment. When i came back to Talbott to stay, they came across the street to this place I was staying and brought my bags over, put me in the same room I had before I went to the apartment from hell, and were so kind and understanding. I ate dinner in the bar that evening,and George gave very excellent service,and this hotel feels like home... I have stayed many other places..five star hotels,and there was always some crotchety person that made it not so great. But Talbott...with their huge bath towels,turn down service, timely room service, excellent concuerge, fabulous front desk girls make this Chicago hotel my number one choice, hands down!! Love it.,,love it...will be back very soon.
I'm glad I stayed here.   Chicago is a big city with lots of beautiful downtowns, but my rooms are nice and spacious (nice bed and a wall) so the rooms are not roomy or too thin.   I tend
This boutique hotel has a very personal approach to your stay here. The bellman, Perry, was so helpful and asked questions not just to ask them, but he truly carried on a conversation about where I was from, how my flight was,and took such great care fo make me feel welcome. I love the staff because they have such a warm, friendly approach, not stiff and uptight. The apartment I rented across from Talbot had such a horrible dirty place when I showed up, and came back to Talbott after discovering my apartment had mold( yes, 25 E. Delaware) and the stove in kitchen leaked gas. I had no help from my apartment people at the condition of my apartment. When i came back to Talbott to stay, they came across the street to this place I was staying and brought my bags over, put me in the same room I had before I went to the apartment from hell, and were so kind and understanding. I ate dinner in the bar that evening,and George gave very excellent service,and this hotel feels like home... I have stayed many other places..five star hotels,and there was always some crotchety person that made it not so great. But Talbott...with their huge bath towels,turn down service, timely room service, excellent concuerge, fabulous front desk girls make this Chicago hotel my number one choice, hands down!! Love it.,,love it...will be back very soon.
This boutique hotel has a very personal approach to your stay here. The bellman, Perry, was so helpful and asked questions not just to ask them, but he truly carried on a conversation about where I was from, how my flight was,and took such great care fo make me feel welcome. I love the staff because they have such a warm, friendly approach, not stiff and uptight. The apartment I rented across from Talbot had such a horrible dirty place when I showed up, and came back to Talbott after discovering my apartment had mold( yes, 25 E. Delaware) and the stove in kitchen leaked gas. I had no help from my apartment people at the condition of my apartment. When i came back to Talbott to stay, they came across the street to this place I was staying and brought my bags over, put me in the same room I had before I went to the apartment from hell, and were so kind and understanding. I ate dinner in the bar that evening,and George gave very excellent service,and this hotel feels like home... I have stayed many other places..five star hotels,and there was always some crotchety person that made it not so great. But Talbott...with their huge bath towels,turn down service, timely room service, excellent concuerge, fabulous front desk girls make this Chicago hotel my number one choice, hands down!! Love it.,,love it...will be back very soon.
The shop has a "top shelf" of amazing products: wedding gowns, wedding ringlets, wedding pet, assorted freebies...our suite covers a wide variety of wedding items.  The staff is very attentive, accommodating and very friendly.  For me, the only thing that ever came up was how simple it was to "check in" with me after we were due.  Also, I think their bridal shower which I did in the hotel included multi shower equipment to help shower and dry out my body!
Love this place! Rooms are great, I love every one and this is what I've been looking for in a hotel! Best value in town and the best service is also in Magnificent Mile! - I came here for our wedding anniversary and was excited about having a room and so I booked my last night at the Jd El Cajon. Yes, you
A fantastic stay at Cebu. Staff is extraordinary and highly creative. I'm guessing their hotel is akin to a museum... but that's a guess. The staff are extremely nice. If you are like me, you have trouble finding room service. We arrived in Chinatown on August 18th and there was an interesting moment at the front desk where I was informed I should call Customer Service. This confused the manager who initially asked where I had changed my room, however the manager also provided the following instructions, which is the reason I found my phones the next day and became totally uninterested. The manager said he would make my hotel a "renowned luxury" if I wanted to go to stay there. The manager continued to call me, even when I gave him a few nice ones to give him. The "developing" of the tower, and the things that this area was designed to deal with, only served to make that area more attractive.  The feeling I got was that the crowd that had been paying attention to the Chinatown was giving the condo group the stink-fuelled feeling that they didn't need to be there. The building looks completely chaotic and seems to be run over by a car with lights flashing just barely holding it together. The entire time I was staying at this hotel, I asked, "Is this really your dreams? How about this tower? Who cares if you have dreams and keep one." From there, the management person within me was always enthusiastic. It's not an easy thing to engineer, but I have a very positive opinion about the way management works. I hope to stay here again!
I stayed here for business at the end of January and really enjoyed this hotel.  The front desk told me that they had just finished renovating the lobby a few days before I arrived and it did look very nice.  I took advantage of the free drinks at night and the breakfast in the morning.  My only real complaint would be that the parking was $44 overnight.  I should have just taken the train down from Milwaukee cause the hotel was located right in the heart of downtown.  We checked in before leaving to reserve a room to sleep in, then I did not sleep at all.  All in all, what a good experience!
This is an amazing place and my friend and I have stayed at many different places, including today's. All of our friends and family like to stay at our hotel and wanted a reasonable room rate. I cannot imagine a better experience. We usually stay there almost everyday for business.  If you enjoy history, American history, ancient history or "hobby" a good rate is okay too. The staff is attentive and friendly. Everyone has an awesome time, their service is top notch. We stay at all the stops (no exception) in the city of Chicago, and within a 20 mile radius, the South Loop and Mid-City. We found a nice/high priced hotel that had great value for the money. The meal and service was pretty decent for the money. The room itself is great. Rooms are small with little furniture. Room size varies by location - there is an extra double bed in the hallway and a comfy mattress. Most rooms have an "F" mattress which accommodates up to 36 people. This allows you to sleep anywhere you'd like, or even just on the side of the bed and doesn't cause any problem for our needs. We had a great time staying at this hotel, and if you find a cheaper place to stay feel free to reach out to us at info@tonymakerhotels.com.
This is a very nice hotel that provides great service, perfect location, comfort, and all that other great things a hotel can provide. Everything I have been told about it is absolutely true.  I was impressed with how accommodating this hotel is - a large city, but very friendly and welcoming.
I stayed here for business at the end of January and really enjoyed this hotel.  The front desk told me that they had just finished renovating the lobby a few days before I arrived and it did look very nice.  I took advantage of the free drinks at night and the breakfast in the morning.  My only real complaint would be that the parking was $44 overnight.  I should have just taken the train down from Milwaukee cause the hotel was located right in the heart of downtown.  At $50 per night, I would have done the whole thing again.  I'll only recommend the Loft Room hotel if you are visiting in Chicago.
This place is a mess.  Terrible customer service and the apartment unit itself is laughable.  I checked in around 4PM and nobody showed up.  Most hotels accept credit cards and wait 10 minutes to issue.  When I called up for my check out that was a second, right after I picked up I got a refund of almost $100.  When I finally asked for a refund I was told that there was a small and moving van that had been moved out of sight.  After a bit of digging through the internet I found out that the  other $100 of my hotel bill could be used for my own travel and thus I don't need to be in a hurry to get back.  The building attendants should probably be paid more and need to be charged more.  The pricing may not seem reasonable but...  I am sure that it will save you over $50 each month in hotel fees.  The parking at the Allegro in Oak Park is a little dated and leads to a very noisy restaurant while walking to the parking lot which doesn't always make the journey a pleasant one.  The room is rather disorganized and filthy, not to mention embarrassing.The dirty bathroom in the hallway is nonfunctional which must be remedied before I should go back.
I stayed here for business at the end of January and really enjoyed this hotel.  The front desk told me that they had just finished renovating the lobby a few days before I arrived and it did look very nice.  I took advantage of the free drinks at night and the breakfast in the morning.  My only real complaint would be that the parking was $44 overnight.  I should have just taken the train down from Milwaukee cause the hotel was located right in the heart of downtown.  So, my suggestion for this hotel is definitely not to leave, but to return to the old South Loop.  Also, the view of Lake Michigan can be a little daunting.  I wouldn't go back there, especially considering the lake is beautiful and is decorated with Grand National pop-up shops and stores.  But if the views from Lake Michigan are worth it for you, check out Remington Inn.
I stayed here for business at the end of January and really enjoyed this hotel.  The front desk told me that they had just finished renovating the lobby a few days before I arrived and it did look very nice.  I took advantage of the free drinks at night and the breakfast in the morning.  My only real complaint would be that the parking was $44 overnight.  I should have just taken the train down from Milwaukee cause the hotel was located right in the heart of downtown.  We will definitely stay here again.
Had a very nice breakfast and good views from James Point Road. Can't wait to stay in the beautiful town this week.
Don't go this hotel. This hotel is never worth 4 stars.First, room size is super small. It recalled me a $200/month efficiency room of my first univ year.Furthermore, because of its abnormal floor plan, you can see some other rooms' inside at night. I never intended this, but when I looked outside through the window, ooops... I could see other rooms' bed.You may be watched. Don't go there.  Just stay where the police officers go. If you're looking for extra cash, I suggest you avoid it because of the fine. I like staying here, but there is a problem with traffic and you'll find yourself in a black hole.If the Police Don't Get It (did you catch that was the Staff Bar), then you don't have a choice. I had no choice, as I've never seen so much traffic!Before I move on, I need to stress that I own a 2nd floor Chicago Cubs ballpark.  However, there are only two hours of city parking between the Selma Plaza and the McCormick Place.  People across the street will have to pay extra for those two hours. Even if you only park there once or twice a year, it could ruin your weekend. Overall, stay here for two nights or six nights.
I stayed at this hotel for two days as I was planning an evening wedding in downtown Chicago. It is definitely a gorgeous hotel with an exceptional view. First, the parking is a bargain. I thought this was an absolutely awesome idea, but it was taken off of my shopping list, so I contacted my manager and she said I was wrong. I asked a simple question, "Did you just get it from another Chicago hotel?" She said, "I didn't get it from Downtown Chicago." Here's the deal: the hotel is on East State Avenue, not South State. The most memorable moments I have been able to find were when we were driving in the town. They provided parking everywhere. I would have stayed elsewhere if it wasn't for this hotel, but it definitely does need to be renovated and restored. During my stay, our appetizers, coffee, drinks, appetizers, towels, and glasses came standard. We asked "what else?" the manager said something along the lines of, "Wouldn't it be nice to go back to work and enjoy the complimentary breakfast they offer to you, because we wanted that?" Our dinner and
Don't go this hotel. This hotel is never worth 4 stars.First, room size is super small. It recalled me a $200/month efficiency room of my first univ year.Furthermore, because of its abnormal floor plan, you can see some other rooms' inside at night. I never intended this, but when I looked outside through the window, ooops... I could see other rooms' bed.You may be watched. Don't go there.
Don't go this hotel. This hotel is never worth 4 stars.First, room size is super small. It recalled me a $200/month efficiency room of my first univ year.Furthermore, because of its abnormal floor plan, you can see some other rooms' inside at night. I never intended this, but when I looked outside through the window, ooops... I could see other rooms' bed.You may be watched. Don't go there. The floor plan may be too tight, but if it's close enough, I'd call in a front desk cop and leave it, and then when I arrived, get the hell out.I'll leave.If you visit this hotel in the fall, I would highly recommend it, if it is extremely priced and comfortable.
Don't go this hotel. This hotel is never worth 4 stars.First, room size is super small. It recalled me a $200/month efficiency room of my first univ year.Furthermore, because of its abnormal floor plan, you can see some other rooms' inside at night. I never intended this, but when I looked outside through the window, ooops... I could see other rooms' bed.You may be watched. Don't go there. I highly recommend!There is one less bad hotel on the block.There are definitely better hotels anywhere. Oh, and I do mean something slightly different than the bad ones. Stay in their place while you explore the downtown area. It's an experience that may even make you smile.I'm just starting out this review with the room you left for me, but a guest in my room was shocked. The rooms were a bit shallow, but clean. There is no denying that there was a lot of space between rooms.To be honest, I am not sure what I would have expected from any hotel that has extended visits to downtown Chicago. But if you are planning on staying at a beautiful Chicago place and are looking for a pleasant hotel experience, take great care and get ready to book in advance. If you are visiting from out of town, don't go. The price per night for the hotel is $39 per night, which will have you stuck with rooms you will never even use again.Don't get me wrong - there is something nostalgic about visiting Chicago. The lower end is nice, but you'll feel pretty cheap.I stayed at the Four Seasons Hotel in the heart of downtown Chicago. If you're staying at that hotel, just let me know in the comments if you're somewhere else. I think the location of the Hotel Perry, (20300 E.
PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!!After reading the reviews for this hotel I was soooo excited to go, so I booked this as a surprise for my husband's birthday weekend, it was horrible I think my worst decision yet....First the room looked like a box and this was the Corner King with two walls of floor to ceiling windows. The bed was a queen size I was told it was a king. The supposedly city view was us looking into other peoples apartments and them looking into ours.The plus side tho was that the spa was good but not great.However after we spent our weekend and was given our bill that we signed off on the hotel came back and charged us an additional 200 bucks in error which we are still waiting to get. A bunch of thieves if you ask me.Never again. Stay here!
PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!!After reading the reviews for this hotel I was soooo excited to go, so I booked this as a surprise for my husband's birthday weekend, it was horrible I think my worst decision yet....First the room looked like a box and this was the Corner King with two walls of floor to ceiling windows. The bed was a queen size I was told it was a king. The supposedly city view was us looking into other peoples apartments and them looking into ours.The plus side tho was that the spa was good but not great.However after we spent our weekend and was given our bill that we signed off on the hotel came back and charged us an additional 200 bucks in error which we are still waiting to get. A bunch of thieves if you ask me.Never again.
Nice hotel, built like it was made for you, every room has its own dresser, lamp, and sink and its very nice. But the room experience could have been anything from nothing to tons of uncomfortable. Not the room I was expecting, or at least not very pleasant. It took all day, and most nights in August. And was the room expensive? I have a 24 hr stay with a budget $700 a night. Would you stay at the Sands again?  Yes.
PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!!After reading the reviews for this hotel I was soooo excited to go, so I booked this as a surprise for my husband's birthday weekend, it was horrible I think my worst decision yet....First the room looked like a box and this was the Corner King with two walls of floor to ceiling windows. The bed was a queen size I was told it was a king. The supposedly city view was us looking into other peoples apartments and them looking into ours.The plus side tho was that the spa was good but not great.However after we spent our weekend and was given our bill that we signed off on the hotel came back and charged us an additional 200 bucks in error which we are still waiting to get. A bunch of thieves if you ask me.Never again.EDIT: OMG oh yeah, right in the middle of all that is...We got caught doing our hotel traffic and have to ask when we get to our room (I know it was cheap to get...but oh wait... we DO get to our room!!! oh god..we need to get some air conditioning..i dont know what I am doing!?) So why should i expect to pay another $500 for a flat screen tv (or any kind of accomodation)?! I know that it took me about 5 minutes and if we have two TVs on the bed it was WOLF?! i just remember the lights...which was awful but my husband is 4 years old and his mother couldnt move her arm when he moved in..did I mention the water was frigging hot??!"Here is the problem...will I not pay for another room that is off the hook for some of my sick days? If I have a long commute i will be moving somewhere else even if it is off the hook for the rest of the evening. C'est la vie!Zo accomante a Giondo Bourgeoise!With your hel
PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!!After reading the reviews for this hotel I was soooo excited to go, so I booked this as a surprise for my husband's birthday weekend, it was horrible I think my worst decision yet....First the room looked like a box and this was the Corner King with two walls of floor to ceiling windows. The bed was a queen size I was told it was a king. The supposedly city view was us looking into other peoples apartments and them looking into ours.The plus side tho was that the spa was good but not great.However after we spent our weekend and was given our bill that we signed off on the hotel came back and charged us an additional 200 bucks in error which we are still waiting to get. A bunch of thieves if you ask me.Never again. My husband is a return traveler and this hotel is the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. THIS is a BY RATIONALLY WITCH HUNT hotel. IT IS VERY CLEAR STAYING and WOULD BE GREAT FOR A FRESH ROOM CHECK STAYS AT HOTEL ROOMS OR FLOOR. You could just walk in and go to sleep but i do not blame you i guess?This is a crime hotel in my opinion.
Shady...I get the whole elitism, there are no seats, and drinks are expensive as hell thing, but the Victor should be more wary of who they do business with. We went here on March 13 to see J*Davey. The doors opened at 9. We were forced to listen to some crappy, unannounced opening act that took the stage sometime after 11. By 1:15 AM, I'm asking the bar staff when they headliner is going to make an appearance. They tell me the band already played. So I had to let the staff know that J*Davey was the main attraction. They said they didn't know a thing about it and had nothing to do with it.At 1:20 a fight breaks out. There's only so much time you can keep people drinking and standing and waiting before things get unruly. Once that fire is put out, only THEN does J*Davey take the stage. Only to play for about 20 minutes, until the house lights come on and it's time to go. I think they got to perform about six songs. The night was a complete rip off. Someone must have gotten a pretty decent cut of the bar revenue that night given how long the crowd was were kept waiting. I understand Privileged Media was the promoter for this event and I blame them for things getting out of hand. It's not entirely the Victor's fault, but they should be more proactive when hosting an event. Pros:Cons:Unfortunately there were 2 songs left on the bar's menu. One of those was made up for by ILLLRB! She was just pissing herself trying to dance. There were probably 4 good reasons for this: 1. Of course they didn't know anything about what she was doing. She could have just heard her popping in and out of breath and was yelling for help, dancing just fine. N
Shady...I get the whole elitism, there are no seats, and drinks are expensive as hell thing, but the Victor should be more wary of who they do business with. We went here on March 13 to see J*Davey. The doors opened at 9. We were forced to listen to some crappy, unannounced opening act that took the stage sometime after 11. By 1:15 AM, I'm asking the bar staff when they headliner is going to make an appearance. They tell me the band already played. So I had to let the staff know that J*Davey was the main attraction. They said they didn't know a thing about it and had nothing to do with it.At 1:20 a fight breaks out. There's only so much time you can keep people drinking and standing and waiting before things get unruly. Once that fire is put out, only THEN does J*Davey take the stage. Only to play for about 20 minutes, until the house lights come on and it's time to go. I think they got to perform about six songs. The night was a complete rip off. Someone must have gotten a pretty decent cut of the bar revenue that night given how long the crowd was were kept waiting. I understand Privileged Media was the promoter for this event and I blame them for things getting out of hand. It's not entirely the Victor's fault, but they should be more proactive when hosting an event. If you are looking to simply get drunk, find this bar, check out the 50th Floor Lounge, not the lounge at the corner of Chicago Avenue and Michigan. A spot on the corner overlooking Michigan Avenue from Michigan Drive-Stow Downtown is never a bad idea.
Shady...I get the whole elitism, there are no seats, and drinks are expensive as hell thing, but the Victor should be more wary of who they do business with. We went here on March 13 to see J*Davey. The doors opened at 9. We were forced to listen to some crappy, unannounced opening act that took the stage sometime after 11. By 1:15 AM, I'm asking the bar staff when they headliner is going to make an appearance. They tell me the band already played. So I had to let the staff know that J*Davey was the main attraction. They said they didn't know a thing about it and had nothing to do with it.At 1:20 a fight breaks out. There's only so much time you can keep people drinking and standing and waiting before things get unruly. Once that fire is put out, only THEN does J*Davey take the stage. Only to play for about 20 minutes, until the house lights come on and it's time to go. I think they got to perform about six songs. The night was a complete rip off. Someone must have gotten a pretty decent cut of the bar revenue that night given how long the crowd was were kept waiting. I understand Privileged Media was the promoter for this event and I blame them for things getting out of hand. It's not entirely the Victor's fault, but they should be more proactive when hosting an event.Overall I'll definitely be back again, although this one, small price for my time, will keep me coming back.
This is the best place on Downtown to stay. Atmosphere is everything to an elegant, charming decor. My husband and I stayed at this hotel for a Saturday night for a 15-year anniversary party in January. Parking is free, we were pretty happy with our stay. Friendly, and convenient location. The location of the bar is very close to the King/Hilton theaters. Upon arriving, we were pleasantly surprised to hear that they had a silent disco coming down, because they had a prize prize for us! Upon arrival, they added to the power of the shower, and when we opened the shower for shower curtain duty, we were surprised to see a large tub! I liked the fact that the pool is made with one tub which I rarely come to.  The light is cool, the drinks are great. Oh, and the front desk is nice, so we always get
While in Chicago for a conference I found this Hotel on Expedia.  Here's a tip...go directly to the hotel website, I was able to save a substantial amount by booking directly with the hotel.  The location is hard to beat.  Half a block off  Michigan Ave, kitty corner from the Drake and next to the best shopping in town.Rooms are very nicely appointed.  Bed is remarkably comfortable and the large screen plasma TVs are very nice.  Bathroom is very fashionable with Grohe fixtures and a waterfall shower fixture in an amazingly large glass shower and tub.  I'd recommend this hotel to any of my colleagues.Overall...pretty darn high for Chicago.  Could be anywhere with a higher rated rate.
I booked this hotel for travel and I love the rooms. A great stay in both Chicago and Hoosier Park. The only recommendation I could give is try the unit 4 mile drive to the historic sites.
I think this is the best hotel I have ever been to in Chicago.  It was a nice decision.  The rooms were ok and I couldn't believe how modern it looked!  The rooms were nice, yet they didn't paint the hallway in a negative way either.  The only thing that left a red mark in my view was the fact that the first floor I went to was locked down.  There were wick chairs all over the walls, facing down.  I was hoping to
While in Chicago for a conference I found this Hotel on Expedia.  Here's a tip...go directly to the hotel website, I was able to save a substantial amount by booking directly with the hotel.  The location is hard to beat.  Half a block off  Michigan Ave, kitty corner from the Drake and next to the best shopping in town.Rooms are very nicely appointed.  Bed is remarkably comfortable and the large screen plasma TVs are very nice.  Bathroom is very fashionable with Grohe fixtures and a waterfall shower fixture in an amazingly large glass shower and tub.  I'd recommend this hotel to any of my colleagues.Overall it's been very pleasant so far.  Check the club floor for the best views of Chicago and vice versa.  I could afford to keep taking the trains to the nearby Drake for a few nights in the hopes that I would get to see some of the best views of Chicago in the future.<|endoftext|>
The staff were always helpful and friendly.  This was my first hotel remodeling in a very busy downtown Chicago suburb.  Everything in the rooms was updated and improved over time so I didn't have to worry about so many locations being lost during the refurbishment.  There were a few special and slightly broken elevators and a few little jibs just in case.
Just got back from Zurich. Not sure if I'll come back... Sorry for the short answer but we just started the trip and were skeptical! The hotel is a bit pricey. If you have to plan ahead, this could be a bad choice as its a rather small hotel with limited elevator service and very little lobby space. We were told it would be free and and, instead, we were charged $15/night, which we returned. It was only when we checked in that we realized we should be a bit more wary of the free shuttle.  Although, the shuttle was more expensive than the hotel and we felt like we were being charged for a small amount of space. The service - coming from outside the hotel itself - was decent as well, but this is basically its own restaurant, and the elevator is slow. Did not love staying at the Marriott!
This restaurant is located right next door to my house.  I had been wanting to have breakfast before the entire trip with breakfast as a base breakfast option.  I mentioned I would try this one and it was that easy!  The restaurant is modern, modern with a vintage style ambiance and modern seats.  The service is top notch, not disappointing considering how outdated the place was - well, the restaurant itself has been around for a while and made us feel a bit connected.  I booked overnight overnight and I still have the rooms throughout the day.  When I open the door and walk out of the restaurant, I walk into the lobby of my room.  Within moments, I was there and told by the attendant "Sorry it was my first hotel visit.  Also, there's not much room." She stated, "You heard me! We are waiting outside to get your reservation." She began the conversation by asking, "You don't understand.  But we want to hear it from you, so let me tell you the name of the waitress."  The manager, Tina, gave me an answer, "Do not listen to that, you have to work your ass off." It wasn't until I asked her "What do you mean, look we have someone waiting outside the restaurant to get your reservation?  If that's not the case, come over and sit down with us.  And yes, even if you are waiting for us, it would be better to have someone stand there, get
Upscale, clean and great location. I highly recommend a stay at the Witt. I have to say, I liked the rooms!     Great location, high ceilings, nice view, and excellent business  directions. I stayed at this restaurant on Wednesdays and Saturday nights.    No doubt the room was well appointed, for the price, not to mention the service.    I would certainly stay here again.
We traveled a little bit to the Magnificent Mile Hotel for our day off yesterday, and I was impressed with the view. The hotel was small and had little to no furniture. I used a stool. The hallway was well-stocked and a little creepy, but not as threatening as a hallway on my way to the ER. The valet service was comfortable and clean, there were a few car-ins of the parking lot, but it was not something you would expect in a hotel that utilizes The Guesthouse. The food was not what you expect from a motel and certainly did not disappoint. We left in the car and chose the Cafe bar from the menu. The bar has a great decor that is both modern and modern. My two sons really enjoyed drinking one in
with a reputation that raised the bar, the W hotel were popping up all over the country with sophisticated, modern hotels and i so wanted to stay at one! well, i finally stayed at these hotels once on a business trip in san francisco, and another time on vacation in south beach. both times i was impressed with their unstuffy professionalism and contemporary decor. when it was time to choose a location for our wedding, we knew right where to go. i told our wedding planner to get to work. for our wedding ceremony and reception, the pricing was average for downtown chicago and the reception package was pretty inclusive. guests couldn't stop talking about how nice our wedding was, and the views from the altitude room were as good as all the little details the W put together. the drapery complimented our chuppah perfectly and it was a great space for dancing. fun signature martinis too. funny little fact about this hotel: i found out it used to be a days inn. complete transformation overhaul! some of our guests stayed in the room block and said it was a nice touch to their weekend in chicago. if you are getting ready for your own wedding at the hotel, a suite is a MUST! wyatt smith at the hotel really knows what he's talking about, even staying at the W had to sign a contract to stay in the suite... thus opening us up to the possibility of on-site reservations and the customer service after the fact... and without asking what it was like to hear these huge callers after dark!
with a reputation that raised the bar, the W hotel were popping up all over the country with sophisticated, modern hotels and i so wanted to stay at one! well, i finally stayed at these hotels once on a business trip in san francisco, and another time on vacation in south beach. both times i was impressed with their unstuffy professionalism and contemporary decor. when it was time to choose a location for our wedding, we knew right where to go. i told our wedding planner to get to work. for our wedding ceremony and reception, the pricing was average for downtown chicago and the reception package was pretty inclusive. guests couldn't stop talking about how nice our wedding was, and the views from the altitude room were as good as all the little details the W put together. the drapery complimented our chuppah perfectly and it was a great space for dancing. fun signature martinis too. funny little fact about this hotel: i found out it used to be a days inn. complete transformation overhaul! some of our guests stayed in the room block and said it was a nice touch to their weekend in chicago. if you are getting ready for your own wedding at the hotel, a suite is a MUST!it's convenient and has the views for all of our guests.
with a reputation that raised the bar, the W hotel were popping up all over the country with sophisticated, modern hotels and i so wanted to stay at one! well, i finally stayed at these hotels once on a business trip in san francisco, and another time on vacation in south beach. both times i was impressed with their unstuffy professionalism and contemporary decor. when it was time to choose a location for our wedding, we knew right where to go. i told our wedding planner to get to work. for our wedding ceremony and reception, the pricing was average for downtown chicago and the reception package was pretty inclusive. guests couldn't stop talking about how nice our wedding was, and the views from the altitude room were as good as all the little details the W put together. the drapery complimented our chuppah perfectly and it was a great space for dancing. fun signature martinis too. funny little fact about this hotel: i found out it used to be a days inn. complete transformation overhaul! some of our guests stayed in the room block and said it was a nice touch to their weekend in chicago. if you are getting ready for your own wedding at the hotel, a suite is a MUST! i definitely will be going back to this hotel again and will definitely be back!!!
with a reputation that raised the bar, the W hotel were popping up all over the country with sophisticated, modern hotels and i so wanted to stay at one! well, i finally stayed at these hotels once on a business trip in san francisco, and another time on vacation in south beach. both times i was impressed with their unstuffy professionalism and contemporary decor. when it was time to choose a location for our wedding, we knew right where to go. i told our wedding planner to get to work. for our wedding ceremony and reception, the pricing was average for downtown chicago and the reception package was pretty inclusive. guests couldn't stop talking about how nice our wedding was, and the views from the altitude room were as good as all the little details the W put together. the drapery complimented our chuppah perfectly and it was a great space for dancing. fun signature martinis too. funny little fact about this hotel: i found out it used to be a days inn. complete transformation overhaul! some of our guests stayed in the room block and said it was a nice touch to their weekend in chicago. if you are getting ready for your own wedding at the hotel, a suite is a MUST!
My husband and I stayed at this hotel earlier this year for a new engagement. This was pretty much the only hotel I stayed at for a wedding in Chicago. Not so much because I have reservations for business or something, but because there's absolutely no reason to spend the money here, and I loved the room and the staff. Everyone had a really positive attitude about the guests they brought with them and when I checked in to their room I was treated like a champ for the room. I honestly have no other compliments. When it comes to their service, everything was top notch. The CPA's appointments were simple and comfortable. All your calls were well thought out and the ladies were really nice. When the time arrived I had a meeting with a friend, and their high class table party was staying nearby, so we were very pleased. The air conditioning in the room is on average 4 degrees, so the room is expected to stay that way. I will say that the florescent lantern was outstanding. The bridesmaids were very polite, helpful, professional. When we checked in the room I was asked about my big brother's wedding and he was quiet. I'm sure there were times he was silly but he sounded so happy. There was such
I'm reviewing from my room because  I had to write about this noise problem while I am still experiencing it. It's UNREAL. We're in room 321, right next to the elevator & housekeeping closet & directly across from belmont el stop. This must be the LOUDEST hotel room in the world!!! Els every 15 mins! My bf slept, but no light sleeper stands a chance!! If i stayed here again I'd ask for a room in the back, off the street. Bed was nice and room was clean. High dollar, even with priceline,considering the insane NOISE! Next to ann sathers & close to wrigley.  I really don't feel like a haunted house guest. If I had stayed again I would've left it hanging around too. Stayed near the Belmont Kitzmiller Hotel - it is NOT a haunted hotel but  isn't one either - I do love haunted places.  I actually went there for a haunted stay in the 90's.  First of all it is stunning - it's even  sized on the right side of the road between some nightcrest towers (I recommend they put fence around this spot).  The rooms themselves are magnificent - they are slightly off and slightly tony with no windows.  Rooms in the front come off the block with wood trim windows and turn on at the end like leaves on a balcony or in front of a mirror (which I'm not really sure how one would know what they are).  The bed is adequate for 2 people plus 1 bed.  Not a bad deal. My worst experience on the block was on the shopping street and all the leading hotel walls in the neighborhood.  Why bother shopping for all that chalky old wood at Craziest Inn? The parking lot was scammed and the hotel charge is ridiculous!!! Also, the windows are much smaller than we would expect
I'm reviewing from my room because  I had to write about this noise problem while I am still experiencing it. It's UNREAL. We're in room 321, right next to the elevator & housekeeping closet & directly across from belmont el stop. This must be the LOUDEST hotel room in the world!!! Els every 15 mins! My bf slept, but no light sleeper stands a chance!! If i stayed here again I'd ask for a room in the back, off the street. Bed was nice and room was clean. High dollar, even with priceline,considering the insane NOISE! Next to ann sathers & close to wrigley. SIXTY OFF!!!
This room that I stayed in during the American week is HOT, very expensive and a forte at best. Very loud but hey, when they do hotel stays they move it over in advance or the first day it raps me for about 5 minutes, before returning to it in time to either wake me up or dump me on the floor. They did not fix it but it is the bathroom and no doubt it is a mess.  I went to the spa for a while & my only concern was the noise from their room. The spa had an actual DO NOT OPEN but they kept asking me where I could get it, not another elevator, so I did find an old PROPER do not open parking in there. The Hotel staff did a poor job of cleaning up the deal.  There is a separate lobby to the bar next door & when I went to bed I was lying on the bed. The floorboards were broken with a toilet cover in each corner, some glue, and dirt. No water, microwave, or electricity. Every hour I was cleaning up after dirty dishes. Staff would clean it off when I went to bed & after I got it clean cleaned out. I went back to the hotel again shortly after midnight & I left a check with them after midnight at about midnight and while I was on the way back we would rush in the hotel lobby to get my room if anything ever got dirty. Great Hotel Design & Hotel Staff.
I'm reviewing from my room because  I had to write about this noise problem while I am still experiencing it. It's UNREAL. We're in room 321, right next to the elevator & housekeeping closet & directly across from belmont el stop. This must be the LOUDEST hotel room in the world!!! Els every 15 mins! My bf slept, but no light sleeper stands a chance!! If i stayed here again I'd ask for a room in the back, off the street. Bed was nice and room was clean. High dollar, even with priceline,considering the insane NOISE! Next to ann sathers & close to wrigley. DO NOT VISIT THIS STAY!!
Best hotel EVER  Great place to stay  Far too young to be a swank in business, but worth the dollars for an awesome place to stay or stay elsewhere. The bathroom/dining room was tastefully decorated. From what I saw in the bar, I must say the experience was PERFECT. The room was beautiful, clean and designed, with great ventilated air. The pool  was clean and comfortable too, and the only issue I had with the bowling alley was the  McDonald's and water  in the tub had a spiced taste. Plus, the entrance to the hotel was pretty simple, but a bit on the pricier side of $700 a night. Great value for the neighborhood!! This is where I will stay in Chicago in the near future.
I'm reviewing from my room because  I had to write about this noise problem while I am still experiencing it. It's UNREAL. We're in room 321, right next to the elevator & housekeeping closet & directly across from belmont el stop. This must be the LOUDEST hotel room in the world!!! Els every 15 mins! My bf slept, but no light sleeper stands a chance!! If i stayed here again I'd ask for a room in the back, off the street. Bed was nice and room was clean. High dollar, even with priceline,considering the insane NOISE! Next to ann sathers & close to wrigley. Kinda rough in the middle of the night at the Wells & Fridays. Bottom line: Another Tower with Only 4 Rooms per Floor (obviously i'm no stranger to the luxurious hotel) with insanely harsh and haunted sounds! Stay with the nicest girl in the room, Linda and my group.
We stayed in this hotel in August. It's really nice!  We enjoyed a rooftop bar with good wine, good wine buffet.  We did some shopping and noticed on Yelp that three of our friends used to go there all the time. The location is a little small, but it was worth the trip.  It's in decent condition!  Lots of back and forth room service and the "Best Inn" only makes up a tiny fraction of the time you spend at this hotel.  All in all, a great hotel, and I will definitely be back. - Jay & Ismaella Bellouffe Location: Chicago - Excellent location.  Warm, clean, and modern.  Security is great and its near the top of the city.  The North Side has a long yellow line running along the downtown.  Very popular in the Travel Channel and the 24 hour TV channels.  The hotel is conveniently located within walking distance to a downtown tower and off of Yonge and Dundas St.  The lobby is very clean and an excellent choice for a snack bar, good coffee, or a very special occasion. - Marylew Edwards Location: West Chicago - The lobby is very modern and certainly unique.  Rooms are reasonably priced.  So what really gives this place its name? Well its right in downtown which is something you would get every weekend from the Marriott's.  The lobby is especially nice with many contemporary and contemporary art pieces.  The
My pregnant wife and I (6'2") arrived late on a Fri evening and were given the smallest hotel room I have ever seen. It had one double bed (not even a queen) with peeling wall paper, a broken toilet, an old tube TV from the 90s, no minibar or fridge and what appeared to be a very dirty bedspread. On top of that, the staff at the front desk had an attitude when we asked to be moved. No dice and no fixes. Do not stay here. Despite a nice lobby, it was one of the worst hotel experiences I have ever had--and I travel a lot.  We ended up going to a shopping street right outside of Chicago, and there are very few, if any, boutique locations within walking distance to The Next Day Cafe or Restaurant. (About $45 for breakfast at a 45 minute walk, we were told). On top of that, the rooms were HUGE for a shopping street, yet the furniture was missing and the linens were soft and shiny. From how I got into shopping street clothing, to the bed in the middle of the night that smelled like a closet, I honestly didn't know what to make of it. For what it's worth, this was a 100% top notch hotel, I would stay there again.
I stayed here a few years ago, and to my shock, i found out it had shut down when i left. i thought that the ability to communicate from multiple places or to send unsold package loads was just a add-on for the few i had there, which resulted in several rude conversations going on and off the central concourse. i was shocked. after giving some time and thought, why did everything work out the way it did? i did not think this would ever happen again. When i went to inform the hotel about the recently opened system, the management customer service was excellent. but again, this, a negative experience. it was priced for itself. since they just make a lot of money, this is great for business, but for the site management, the delivery was an average service. the staff, however, NEVER tried to open the room itself, and did not attempt to change the lighting, screen or curtains to allow for the correct lighting. does not really matter how important your system is for this hotel to be safe, because it does not matter if it has traffic problems, nor how heavily the parking fees are used for use of the room. it is very important that you have the elevator running daily (I suggest doing so), and you only have so much time until your house is ready.
Im at the Music Festival. After the rave, that's when I found out that nothing, not even wine, was going on during the set. I wasn't impressed and I left. Bad memory.
Im completely disappointed that they chose to place a bridal shower in the hotel rather than front desk. At first, I thought they were very busy with maintenance, but that's not it. Upon further investigation, I discovered that for less than $200 a night, guests were treated as first class guests, over the phone, making payments for stays and watching channels to listen to music. I was disappointed but let the situation go on for four years.  They lied, filled them
When I first arrived at this hotel I was a fan. I thought there was something charming about this establishment. I felt it has a simple, modern feel. But the room and beds are luxurious (there are beds with bellows, rollows, or mats) and the staff there are top notch. The room was quite nice. Staff should also be glad to advise staff to meet members of their department, loved ones and lovers of the city, too, so they can enjoy the city (thanks to the department store chain).The best thing about this hotel is the champagne room. It's right in front of the suite, and there's no door to reach on the right. The service was incredibly friendly. I always need a luxury hotel or taupe/siqueur-type of restaurant to stay here.
My wife and I were having a really hard time staying at this resort after all these years of traveling. After many promises, we only found this hotel once we returned from the South Pole on September 23rd. We were impressed with our opportunity to stay here. From my viewpoint, everything at Bedmellow is breathtaking. They were always welcoming, cosy, cosmopolitan and our bedroom space was very close to where we stayed. There were complimentary gifts and treatment options, since there is only one shower. The dining room provided plenty of food, food (and other beverages) and drinks, and we even had mini sausages in the glass. The bed was a bit small, but it was spacious for my wife, and her many desires for relaxation and comfy sleeping. She even went over the bedspread so I could do some of my yoga for her. Everything was very relaxing and clean. The gym was
Right off the magnificent mile, cheap, but seriously outdated. Friends stayed in the room next to the fire escape, and they heard every time someone used it. Our room was bigger, a bit ifs better view but the windows are extremely drafty. Took forever for the heat to kick in. Elevator shook the whole way up & is tiny!  Front desk staff wasn't very patient & I have no idea where my car had been parked for the night.I loved the cruise I got in from Lincolns Plaza.Had to wait about 20 minutes to get my car.  The location was nice, the gas station is on Skyline!I should mention that by night, it was $40 in early-morning.Overall I enjoyed this hotel in all its shine and vibes. If your looking for a much bigger but far less luxurious hotel, here are some recommendations: 1. Book your room through Intercontinental Chicago. Two big windows means a lot of space and open windows for future travel. Here's your chance! 2. Then get on a business trip and explore everything you could possibly dream of: jewelry, nightlife, breweries, weekend rentals, museums, etc. There's no excuse for not taking advantage of everything you could travel to experience. 3. If the room is bigger than your dreams, I guess you'd better stay somewhere that's nice and open and clean - not a hotel that completely reflects your taste. 4. It's always a reward if you make the weekend reservation! I recently booked my room through Continental and felt much more comfortable there. 5. Holiday shopping? Great! If you don't want to stay there, you can stay for free online with my discount program. I usually just use packages like this. 2. Parking is okay - it's a little hard to
Was looking to write a review in a few days after seeing this place.  The staff is slow, I took two breaks with them;  Their all bathroom are full and cleaning is very simple, so really we won't be returning here.  It's business as usual, if you will excuse my abomination of a staff.  I really enjoy my stay here.  The "portal" is in front of you, absolutely breathtaking.  The fire, by the way, is worth the price and I appreciate the great rooms that tower over the walls.  The beds are comfortable and the showers are clean, but unfortunately the front desk staff was so ineffective, that I'm afraid I will never need them again.
Nice hotel, nice restaurant, cool decor. I loved the Michigan Avenue location which is right in the heart of downtown Chicago and not far from the Grand Mile.  It is also convenient to the south where I only stay with Chicago Police.  The staff was really helpful, all with great views of downtown.  I would not recommend this hotel to anyone considering moving to Chicago.
Right off the magnificent mile, cheap, but seriously outdated. Friends stayed in the room next to the fire escape, and they heard every time someone used it. Our room was bigger, a bit ifs better view but the windows are extremely drafty. Took forever for the heat to kick in. Elevator shook the whole way up & is tiny!  Front desk staff wasn't very patient & I have no idea where my car had been parked for the night.  Only 3 women and 3 men in the car were there for us!!  The 5 way drop off/atrium didn't work at all. My room was pretty dirty, but the bathroom was pretty clean. My husband and I stayed there for a week for a relaxing weekend retreat. We had not been to any Grand Hyatt before.
I've been here a number of times, and NEVER for nothing. I must say that I found this location to be absolutely spectacular. The hotel was not too bad, but the service and the location don't even compare to my other frequent love ones at Topaz. The service and the location are both very nice indeed. The breakfast would have been a lot more pleasant. The drinks are a bit a bit bland but I will be returning. There's a nice salad bar to enjoy. Did I mention the valet parking is free?
Right off the magnificent mile, cheap, but seriously outdated. Friends stayed in the room next to the fire escape, and they heard every time someone used it. Our room was bigger, a bit ifs better view but the windows are extremely drafty. Took forever for the heat to kick in. Elevator shook the whole way up & is tiny!  Front desk staff wasn't very patient & I have no idea where my car had been parked for the night. I should mention this is NOT the only time I go outside for drinks..never a fun trip.. oh wait..did you just hear about all the bars?! Am I missing something?  What's so great about life? So do you hate the city?!?!*Oh let's just say the pool is slightly damaged, not terrible. But we didn't notice until after I tried to move our car.  Decorator isn't even close so that should be fine.The place is very small but really the hotel must be considering.  Lots of restaurants but nothing memorable.All in all it was a business trip.
My cousin and I stayed at the Timefiels this year (3 and a half). The service was excellent, the rooms were outstanding, the staff was very friendly, and they checked in our car the evening after we set out. We had little to do except plug in our phones. They really treated us very well.The dining room, while it was still too small to fit a 9" HD TV, was amazing, especially for its 2.2lbs (2.13 oz) (6.39" x 13.63"), which really helps. The waitress and I were almost in tears, while we were watching the same movie, when she appeared to suggest we drink just to be out of the restaurant lobby. The bed was uncluttered and the only view was of the restaurant (the front desk desk) with her television completely unplugged. It was so difficult for her to get me out of bed, even when we were doing a "turn around" in the hallway. She began to gush over what happened next, then disappeared. Upon entering the room, the light switch quickly went off. We proceeded to it, placed our phones in our bags and proceeded back out. I was disgusted! The room has all the characteristics of a vintage American restaurant. The manager ran through a few shows, but completely ignored all the activity at all times. This was
My husband and I were visiting a loved one here.  This bar is smack dab in the middle of a four hour drive from Chicago!  I know you do not have to do all that traffic to get your drinks there.  The service and location were perfect. The Hotel Intercontinental Hotel (waiting room, towels, marble floors, beds) was nice and clean. On top of that, the menu was excellent.  The menu and beverage choices were definitely on the rock.  If there was a need I would call to check out the Best Western Room from the corner of Wacker Drive and Oak Street.  If I had to give this place a pass, this would be it.  I think it is the worst one we have ever had!
The staff was nice, friendly and helpful during the hours we stayed here. I highly recommend checking out our room at the Secret Service. Priceline isn't up to par when it comes to the transportation. This is not a business called of course, but this is not a business where you get charged and expect to travel far and wide.  I stayed here only because I wanted to have a bottle of champagne and a Big Mac in the lobby.  It was cold but not broken. Also, you get a complimentary share of their coffee at the rate of $20 per coffee. You get to take the standard taxi fare of $20. I recommend checking out the two standard taxis at the front desk on the second floor.  The speed limits were a tad high and this hotel didn't provide them with a personal ride.This is in real estate and the Staff don't seem to mind.
Don't be disappointed. The location was great (top floor) and a very popular club for relaxing, no rules and all we asked for were clean rooms. My group was very impressed with the menu, very friendly and have a great time. Booked the Salswold Hotels in North America last year (on a site this size). Sizes were obviously way too small for my size (with the exception of a small parquet floor), but  they did suggest room sizes of 4-6. Sorry. The room was wonderful and it came with plenty of bathroom and shower items, which I recommend if you are traveling to Chicago. Stayed close to the Michigan River. Beautiful view of Lake Michigan. Neat view.
Good hotel that is located right next to bars and restaurants! Great location, wonderful staff, amazing location and spacious rooms. Room was fine.
Would not stay here again!  The cleaning and elevators were broken. The rooms were clean & dated & every one of the decor seemed nice.  We chose the Magnolia because they were close by with a rooftop pool.  The view was beautiful, it was a breeze...we loved it.
The Hotel couldn't get anywhere near a better deal on a bunch of apartments in Chicago & Vegas. This place makes your head spin.We have seen their old rooms opened up to the. You won't feel like a moron looking down at your screens at a tennis court or getting drunk at the bar without thinking. Just to say the room is fine! I've stayed here once. They've turned over all the rooms in my life. Nice! If you live in northern Michigan, you'll hear it from Michigan Avenue. I don't come out to a lot of the Chicago area but it didn't seem to bother me that much. It's small, room service is satisfactory, the staff is even better than I expected.  The server was quick & patient. When I called him I asked, "You checked in to a hotel? You saw a room line up at 2 o'clock on the roof?" He was polite, gave me the answer I had requested, and checked me in about 2 hours later. Again, I called the night before and he answered immediately. Next day, the rest of the staff left and I drove my friend to pick me up at a motel in Detroit. Very nice. Very stylish hotel!
This is the best Hotel Chicago ever. We traveled all over the world for some horrible, filthy, crime ridden goodness!  The rooms are bright and spacious, the service is excellent, the management is very polite and pleasant.  The staff is very helpful, our room size was 5.5.  We received a book each day for help with our luggage.  Also the decor was incredibly clean and kind.  The hotel is situated on the river on 2nd Avenue, next to downtown, so it will be a struggle to find a room there. The bathroom is not on the top floor, but when you enter the shower, you get a very clean, old tub and full of energy.  This is my first time in Chicago, so I expect a few remodelings and shopping while here. The city is reasonably priced, and free wifi.  My daughter loved this hotel, and we stayed here again the 4th time.
Meh, I have been coming here a few times each year for a work vacation, and I have to admit that I wasn't disappointed either. This little thing was SO UNCLE! If you enjoy being away from home and loved the city well enough, then the Hotel Raya is your choice for you. They have tables with chairs and create an enormous space. The lobby has some great views of Lake Michigan, and the lobby of the hotel is clean.  I stayed here a few weeks before heading out to the suburbs and up to my old place to sleep, so maybe it was a little off the beaten path at the time.  The staff is super friendly and you could tell there were plenty of friends nearby that stayed there, too. Did I mention the hotel is well priced? Their staff are always busy and if they can't get you quick stuff, they'll fix that up later on.The staff is even friendly about making you feel comfortable (since they have free wi-fi and you can pick up internet during peak hours).  Not to mention the super friendly staff who will even deal with your big day if you let them (and I mean, you!!). DO NOT stay here if you
This one is nowhere near as good as others I've stayed in Chicago this winter (even just across the street from the old Michigan/and West River. I stayed there last fall and should definitely stay there again). I first booked a motel on July 2, here I was excited about the decision to stay here for the lakefront weekend I was planning. The first thing to realize was the room rate was ridiculously high, in comparison to the others I've been to, so I ended up staying right outside of a big metro stop.This hotel was a first-class hotel with an amazing staff, great decor and just right service, but I found the concept disappointing. There's a comfortable room in the lobby that must've been upgraded so we got into bed from the first night out, which took us almost two hours. Our room rate wasn't much below $200, and our rooms were alright; as long as the staff was attentive and courteous. Room service was good but the draw of this hotel was very, very thin, it needed a lot of luck, most of which I found myself unable to recognize. The bar offered more than anything else about the place--no decor or anything but no bathroom (which was okay because we all said about it--we were never allowed to let anyone else drink), and the convenience store (which did seem okay but I had trouble keeping track of it--couldn't
I have a dream of somehow striking it rich and living inside this hotel for a few years until my money is completely gone and am strung out to the point of rehab.The bathrooms have marble, marble counters and a microwave oven, which was a nice touch considering I had to leave my dinner food in the oven (eaten leftovers) all the time. The only problem I have is that the LCD screen is stuck in my room! I did decide to purchase a lower resolution (928x640 or 1920x1080) medium (20/50 split screen). Overall, not a great experience for a hotel but has been a nice change of pace for a cash-strapped room.  Parking was slow and expensive and there were not enough reserved seats. However, after just a couple of days in the hotel I felt like I had found the perfect place. Thanks VPs Patekeryks.
Great hotel.  Seriously.  Not great hotel wise.  I can't tell you how many people were there but this is a 25 hour area and the room in question is about a 30 minute walk away.  Speaking of the hotel, if you're looking to go somewhere good it is WAY over priced.  Every 5 minutes or so someone will dump your stuff in the front desk drawer.  There are grocery stores all around town but most are just a short walk away which takes you by surprise.  This hotel provides what we expected to be a very enjoyable stay but it leaves us looking left and right.
While my stay at the Dana Hotel and Spa started with a very helpful and witty valet, it has ended as the strangest hotel experience of my life - and I travel often.  It started to go downhill when we realized that we had to pass through a "V.I.P." rope to get to our "V.I.P." elevator.  I'm not sure if people are just that hungry for fame, or if we just didn't understand how popular we were... but it was completely unnecessary and total overkill.  While the service can be confused with politeness, its completely fake and unauthentic.  Being chased down a hallway to thank me for my business for the third time is simply not necessary.  This hotel is very cool as a structure, but the human beings that run it are incompetent, groveling fools.  How many times does anyone outside of your walls realize that the only thing worse than a married couple traveling from hotel to hotel only to get towed by a runaway dude in the car?Finally... because this was a "what if" moment, we needed to end our rental sometime at the end of the month.  Well, if you stay in downtown Las Vegas, don't leave your car parked overnight and you might end up stuck in traffic for a while.  All within an hour of arriving at the door, cars are blocking the "V.I.P." door on our way out the door and if that makes you want to turn left, that's when they come.  This is a real incident, and I definitely won't stay at the Dana!
While my stay at the Dana Hotel and Spa started with a very helpful and witty valet, it has ended as the strangest hotel experience of my life - and I travel often.  It started to go downhill when we realized that we had to pass through a "V.I.P." rope to get to our "V.I.P." elevator.  I'm not sure if people are just that hungry for fame, or if we just didn't understand how popular we were... but it was completely unnecessary and total overkill.  While the service can be confused with politeness, its completely fake and unauthentic.  Being chased down a hallway to thank me for my business for the third time is simply not necessary.  This hotel is very cool as a structure, but the human beings that run it are incompetent, groveling fools.  A bit disconcerting at first because the view was so breathtaking - the hotel website didn't even show that our building - but it sure was breathtaking - over 24 miles of winding trails. The elevators to our building were incredibly slow - some had to pop open their windows to get the elevator to pick them up.  We needed to make sure we checked in.  We were even pulled over on every single person in the parking lot - however this is due to the risk of driver error!  All in all, this hotel felt like a dream. One of our friend's relatives stayed there and the rest of our room was so nice - and quiet.  The living room did a fantastic job of cleaning, including how good it is.  The sushi bar and coffee was just breathtaking.  Our room was super warm - even warm in the winter, but that's all I can remember about it.  They had ice creams and pastries, obviously. They also had "pastries and tonics" avail
While my stay at the Dana Hotel and Spa started with a very helpful and witty valet, it has ended as the strangest hotel experience of my life - and I travel often.  It started to go downhill when we realized that we had to pass through a "V.I.P." rope to get to our "V.I.P." elevator.  I'm not sure if people are just that hungry for fame, or if we just didn't understand how popular we were... but it was completely unnecessary and total overkill.  While the service can be confused with politeness, its completely fake and unauthentic.  Being chased down a hallway to thank me for my business for the third time is simply not necessary.  This hotel is very cool as a structure, but the human beings that run it are incompetent, groveling fools.  People at the elevators are human beings.  This was never intended for our guests, and I feel like I will regret the decision.  The second night we went to the Indigo, we were treated like a bunch of pansy talkative terrorists.  Literally.  I wish I had one more cell phone, since I just have my one, and this hotel will never be the same.  I know that we will be staying here again when we get home - but this experience is far more important than the fact that it happens to my boyfriend and I.
While my stay at the Dana Hotel and Spa started with a very helpful and witty valet, it has ended as the strangest hotel experience of my life - and I travel often.  It started to go downhill when we realized that we had to pass through a "V.I.P." rope to get to our "V.I.P." elevator.  I'm not sure if people are just that hungry for fame, or if we just didn't understand how popular we were... but it was completely unnecessary and total overkill.  While the service can be confused with politeness, its completely fake and unauthentic.  Being chased down a hallway to thank me for my business for the third time is simply not necessary.  This hotel is very cool as a structure, but the human beings that run it are incompetent, groveling fools.  When we finally made it to our rooms, they said the elevator doors could only open at night.  I don't believe in that either.  Any fan of the old, broken structure or connoisseur of elegance I'm going to waste my time at.  We stayed on a 4-star rating but it has left us in the piss of the taxman.  If you can only pay $3 a night for 2 full days on the streets with nothing to drink?   Don't go.  Why would you send us back to a town of 40,000 people who paid $75 a night for 2 weeks and won't even park their car in our street?!
Just found a new place and stay here again a few weeks back. This hotel is by far my most-visited place in Chicago so it is pretty clean. I have had plenty of reservations, and this one makes it truly worth it.  Rooms are small and clean. Room service is excellent.  Room service is great and the staff is courteous. There are no discounts for reservations (that's an avoidable expense to my family for the night). The decor is stylish and contemporary.  The view (un-seen) from my restaurant is perfect, fun and relaxing.  Everything about the hotel is completely clean and well-manicured.  The view is one of that which we enjoyed the most in the hotel.  The view from our restaurant/bus (and taxi) gets smaller each night as well.  We stayed at both a restaurant and a shuttle.  The shuttle service was great and included phone calls and other service, which was OK with the one we booked for the shuttle.  The front desk was very friendly and helpful. There is no-show and don't ask for permission or there is no cleaning happening (although there is a bed etc.).  Just sayin'. Overall I will stay here again...go to LOVE Chicago!!!
Beautiful hotel. 4 stars. I stayed here when it was a Disney theme park,  We were very impressed with the style and hospitality.  The service was great, the rooms were clean and the rooms had a fantastic view!  We tried the T-Shirts or coolers and they were DELICIOUS!  I will definitely stay here again as the rooms are big, but I'd also rate a hotel two stars!
Another option to look around is the Hyatt Regency. The Hyatt Regency is a couple blocks away from the Millennium tower but I had forgotten about it until yesterday.  I moved from Chicago a few years ago and stayed at an awesome rental store called Diners.  Despite the proximity, the rooms are small and the vibes are still very positive.  I couldn't give enough credit to Lacey and Emily.  I am a third generation Chicagoan, have the perfect restaurant and stay somewhere for an evening, making it one of the
What a perfect location for a stay at one of Vancouver's top destinations!  Rooms within easy walking distance to beautiful city views.  The room was extremely comfortable for me and also took forever to get used to.  Great planning, really just don't expect that from a luxury hotel.  Our one main gripe I had with the room was the bed.  Not only that, but the mattress made it feel as if it was a year old.  Any bathroom options you might have include tassels, towels and beds too.  The staff at Hilton was kind enough to point me to this restaurant and water bottle you can use to shower or do laundry.  Did I mention the location was absolutely gorgeous?  Great spot to fish while staying at!
I'm coming from Chicago - downtown chic!  That being said, I'm from Chicago's Downtown at the O'Hare.  The location is a bit expensive, but to compare is pretty simple.  The beds were just right for me; they were very comfortable and the mattress itself was very comfortable.  I would definitely stay there again.
I enjoyed my stay here in Chicago. The location was perfect, and the location was a great one for us to stay for our birthday. The first thing I would note is the downstairs lobby as well. The basic bed was very comfortable, clean, and highly organized. The staff were also helpful in guiding us throughout our stay.  One thing that needs to be taken into account here is the proximity to the Michigan Ave/ Michigan West "Mama" train station, which is within walking distance. It's great that they are picking up the subway every day, and other than that the hotel is very close to the Wyndham River in Downtown Chicago.  Another plus for me is the convenient Chicago Bucks regional concierge at the Front Desk, who is very helpful in arranging room and group sizes. It is great that such a large and convenient area is included in the suite, and also the great price for not only this location, but also the modern addition of the Checkin Room.
I have been here a few times before, and always loved the location.  I am no stranger to Chicago, but I believe it was once in a busy downtown neighborhood and I recommend their 15th floor location.  I really liked the construction on the marble floors, so I would definitely stay here again.  It took me a while to get up and out of bed, as the front desk then turned to look over me, and asked if I had a pet, which brought up all kinds of questions.As far as the location goes, the hotel is pretty much run by my wife and her husband
Good - Recently remodeled rooms, nice comfy beds, nice pool/deck, friendly staff, close to everything, kid friendly, a great rate.Not so Good - Noisey neighbors at 4AM (Not the hotels fault, don't bother with the restaurant lots of better choices nearby.  They could clean their rooms better, the lamp was falling apart, no drain plug in the sink or soap in the bathroom.A good stay, a great value in my opinion. We will be back.
This is very unique in that it is designed like a hotel, but with a very elegant look. I'm not sure if this is a modern hotel, but I guess it's important to have an attractive but modern look. The front desk is a nice guy but wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone who looks for a very modern feel. On the plus side, there are lots of great restaurants and cafes in this hotel.  Just don't expect such a clean and modern location.
Good - Recently remodeled rooms, nice comfy beds, nice pool/deck, friendly staff, close to everything, kid friendly, a great rate.Not so Good - Noisey neighbors at 4AM (Not the hotels fault, don't bother with the restaurant lots of better choices nearby.  They could clean their rooms better, the lamp was falling apart, no drain plug in the sink or soap in the bathroom.A good stay, a great value in my opinion. We will be back.
Its 5 stars because it offers fantastic property values.  Its just not worth the $9 you spend on it.  That's a compliment. My stay here was a great result thanks to the two great officers at the front desk who had the mission in mind. They were outstanding and they worked very hard in making sure we'd get the right suite for our romantic "moonmoon".  Super nice staff, friendly service and reasonable prices, that's all I'll say about them.It took me a while to actually feel I had the money I needed, but my complaints are unfounded and should not be discounted.  The dining room and kitchen were completely clean - no stains, no anything.  Even the lack of back doors in the lounge gave way to a check in that required signing to my room's bar. It took me about 30 seconds to discover I wasn't actually having a drink when I finally checked in, but upon reviewing the hotel menu it appears that i was drinking four glasses of uni with the rest of the room in the brown chairs.  The tater tots were a bit tight - thin wire wrapped around one end and the bottle of water was thicker than normal.
Good - Recently remodeled rooms, nice comfy beds, nice pool/deck, friendly staff, close to everything, kid friendly, a great rate.Not so Good - Noisey neighbors at 4AM (Not the hotels fault, don't bother with the restaurant lots of better choices nearby.  They could clean their rooms better, the lamp was falling apart, no drain plug in the sink or soap in the bathroom.A good stay, a great value in my opinion. We will be back.
Good - Recently remodeled rooms, nice comfy beds, nice pool/deck, friendly staff, close to everything, kid friendly, a great rate.Not so Good - Noisey neighbors at 4AM (Not the hotels fault, don't bother with the restaurant lots of better choices nearby.  They could clean their rooms better, the lamp was falling apart, no drain plug in the sink or soap in the bathroom.A good stay, a great value in my opinion. We will be back.
I just recently went here to see the Bathroom at the Top in L.A. We spent about 10 minutes waiting at a hotel I know very well, which didn't seem to be that very pleasant. When I got there, the bar was overcrowded with peeling paint everywhere, dark walls, and loud noise. The service was stellar. The drinks were decent (and almost comfy), and the staff also attended to my reservation requests. We'll be back!
I had a wedding in Chicago last year and wanted to be able to watch a wedding reception.  This was to be my first time out in the country and I loved the experience.  This is the king of the small rooms.  The rooms are well laid out with different feel to each.  The large bar is smaller than you think and features a great view of Lake Michigan at the top of the stairs.  The gym has several massage rooms and its in the middle of nowhere compared to what we were used to at The Washington Motel.  You could walk in, even walk to your room without getting lost.  Our partner gave us a VIP room, which I understood.  We stayed there again in the morning for another
This is obviously a place for junkies and hookers, you fucking morons.  But I'm the type to go there.
Had no problem getting a stay at the City Inn, although there are a few things to consider. First and foremost is the queen bed. Though the rooms are expensive, with large bedding in the King's Inn and a large sink. It was just fine but the king closet was unreadable. Big closet that looked like old plywood or steel but the king closet itself seems like the type to fit in a closet. A high length, big desk for writing down dates. Spinning chairs and laundry were in the king room with their shoulder doors when I arrived, but we were not able to purchase a true size bed because the room was too small to fit through. Rooms did not have that feature. Apparently by my time I had finished cleaning up the room, so my view of the street didn't help too much. The roof is very well done and most city sites are topped with vintage park benches and washers. Of course the hotel's neighbors are not even here so I feel like there is some snobbishness.
This is obviously a place for junkies and hookers, you fucking morons. Well, here are the routes, the walls and cars - that's about it, if you need one to make a comment on the title. The staff staff is nice, friendly and knowledgeable. All in all, a great overall experience!
I like Chicago, great location, great restaurant. It's located right on Chicago's Tower of the Light. The other stars were the Girdle. My husband and I were going to be staying at the Hotel which is slightly from downtown but we had to leave for work on time. We could have stayed anywhere, but instead opted for the Girdle, where our room had to be refilled and replaced all of a sudden. This can be an issue for you and your family. Hotels tend to be expensive, and I don't think there is a great deal to gain in convenience when shopping. The Hotel is friendly and all in all, an excellent deal, and a positive change for your family.
This is obviously a place for junkies and hookers, you fucking morons. I don't watch all this nonsense and don't expect anything but pleasantries. So there you go - classy - people who work the street. Awesome way to run your corporate shopping cart, fast.
The cool thing about this place is that the location is perfect for a hotel or a bar in the heart of downtown. The layout of the rooms is clean and reasonable. The photos are very flattering. All staff is clean, friendly, and knowledgeable.
I recently checked out and was reminded of a classic work place. I love old or forgotten rooms, so I expected a Starbucks. I did not expect to miss out on one of my favorites! My first experience with the Intercontinental Hotel was two weeks ago. The response upon checking in (from my management and I) was downright stellar. The decor looks fabulous!  The bed, floor plan, comfortable couch are just minutes to walk from the hotel and the people who assist with all of this are always eager to give us a chance to move our belongings. I know that was small comfort. I even made my own simple "pack" and ran it around the hotel hallway. The chain restaurant was near and around and I'm sure you could easily pick it up at any point in time. We arrived early and left a note for our the waitstaff with our name and note.
As someone who traveled every weekend during undergraduate and graduate school, this is BY FAR THE WORST hotel stay I have EVER experienced. Apparently this hotel can't keep up with the expedia orders and there is around a three hour delay from the point you make the reservation to the point the hotel enters it. Now, this is a KNOWN issue, but of course there is no warning on their page or in their e-mail. So when I showed up luggage in hand (an hour and a half after making the reservation) after waiting in line for 10 min, I was informed that I would have to wait for her to deal with the other 10 people before she could help me. This took about 45 min. It should never take 45 to check into a hotel. Moreover, when I finally got up to the desk the women took the confirmation sheet and asked for my ID. I informed her that the person I was sharing the room with made the reservations. She informed me that she could not allow me to check in until the girl got there. Since she was at a work function I would have had to wait for about 7 hours. I asked her if there was anything I could do and she just stared at me blankly. Finally, I asked to speak to a manager. Once with the manager I explained the situation and put him on the phone with the girl I was rooming with. He was hostile towards her but finally agreed to let me in the room. Next, I get to the room and try to connect to the 'free' internet. Of course it is not working. I'm not really surprised at this point. I call the in house help number, which puts me through to the front desk which is plainly pissed that I am calling, and unable to tell me anything other than to call the Broa
As someone who traveled every weekend during undergraduate and graduate school, this is BY FAR THE WORST hotel stay I have EVER experienced. Apparently this hotel can't keep up with the expedia orders and there is around a three hour delay from the point you make the reservation to the point the hotel enters it. Now, this is a KNOWN issue, but of course there is no warning on their page or in their e-mail. So when I showed up luggage in hand (an hour and a half after making the reservation) after waiting in line for 10 min, I was informed that I would have to wait for her to deal with the other 10 people before she could help me. This took about 45 min. It should never take 45 to check into a hotel. Moreover, when I finally got up to the desk the women took the confirmation sheet and asked for my ID. I informed her that the person I was sharing the room with made the reservations. She informed me that she could not allow me to check in until the girl got there. Since she was at a work function I would have had to wait for about 7 hours. I asked her if there was anything I could do and she just stared at me blankly. Finally, I asked to speak to a manager. Once with the manager I explained the situation and put him on the phone with the girl I was rooming with. He was hostile towards her but finally agreed to let me in the room. Next, I get to the room and try to connect to the 'free' internet. Of course it is not working. I'm not really surprised at this point. I call the in house help number, which puts me through to the front desk which is plainly pissed that I am calling, and unable to tell me anything other than to call the Broa
As someone who traveled every weekend during undergraduate and graduate school, this is BY FAR THE WORST hotel stay I have EVER experienced. Apparently this hotel can't keep up with the expedia orders and there is around a three hour delay from the point you make the reservation to the point the hotel enters it. Now, this is a KNOWN issue, but of course there is no warning on their page or in their e-mail. So when I showed up luggage in hand (an hour and a half after making the reservation) after waiting in line for 10 min, I was informed that I would have to wait for her to deal with the other 10 people before she could help me. This took about 45 min. It should never take 45 to check into a hotel. Moreover, when I finally got up to the desk the women took the confirmation sheet and asked for my ID. I informed her that the person I was sharing the room with made the reservations. She informed me that she could not allow me to check in until the girl got there. Since she was at a work function I would have had to wait for about 7 hours. I asked her if there was anything I could do and she just stared at me blankly. Finally, I asked to speak to a manager. Once with the manager I explained the situation and put him on the phone with the girl I was rooming with. He was hostile towards her but finally agreed to let me in the room. Next, I get to the room and try to connect to the 'free' internet. Of course it is not working. I'm not really surprised at this point. I call the in house help number, which puts me through to the front desk which is plainly pissed that I am calling, and unable to tell me anything other than to call the Broa
As someone who traveled every weekend during undergraduate and graduate school, this is BY FAR THE WORST hotel stay I have EVER experienced. Apparently this hotel can't keep up with the expedia orders and there is around a three hour delay from the point you make the reservation to the point the hotel enters it. Now, this is a KNOWN issue, but of course there is no warning on their page or in their e-mail. So when I showed up luggage in hand (an hour and a half after making the reservation) after waiting in line for 10 min, I was informed that I would have to wait for her to deal with the other 10 people before she could help me. This took about 45 min. It should never take 45 to check into a hotel. Moreover, when I finally got up to the desk the women took the confirmation sheet and asked for my ID. I informed her that the person I was sharing the room with made the reservations. She informed me that she could not allow me to check in until the girl got there. Since she was at a work function I would have had to wait for about 7 hours. I asked her if there was anything I could do and she just stared at me blankly. Finally, I asked to speak to a manager. Once with the manager I explained the situation and put him on the phone with the girl I was rooming with. He was hostile towards her but finally agreed to let me in the room. Next, I get to the room and try to connect to the 'free' internet. Of course it is not working. I'm not really surprised at this point. I call the in house help number, which puts me through to the front desk which is plainly pissed that I am calling, and unable to tell me anything other than to call the Broa
Wife and I stay here when we visit. Went up on my 50th birthday for 4 days. Had a corner room reserved and they comped us a suite. It was like having a apartment in the gold coast. Service was fantastic, had maid service 2X day, turned down bed with chocolates. Didn't hear any noise from construction, concierge was very helpful and called us by our names after first day, made our reservations and gave us coupons for restaurants. I like staying at these small boutique hotels because you get the personal touch. Only complaint was they no longer have free coffee in the lobby in the morning. Best kept secret in chicago, will be staying there again.
Having stayed at this hotel two years ago, it is another amazing hotel experience. It is located right across the street from T.S. Hotel. I will definitely be back for more.
Wife and I stay here when we visit. Went up on my 50th birthday for 4 days. Had a corner room reserved and they comped us a suite. It was like having a apartment in the gold coast. Service was fantastic, had maid service 2X day, turned down bed with chocolates. Didn't hear any noise from construction, concierge was very helpful and called us by our names after first day, made our reservations and gave us coupons for restaurants. I like staying at these small boutique hotels because you get the personal touch. Only complaint was they no longer have free coffee in the lobby in the morning. Best kept secret in chicago, will be staying there again.
Stayed here quite awhile but it was nice. I called to let them know I was booked to stay here and they will bring the room up to street level. This is where you can't have a queen bed. Besides, they can't even get on the bed, the stairs are blocked (good for standing up).The room was spacious and had two closets (one big one used as a bathtub and the other used as a shower). The bathroom was small but it was clean and looked nice. All in all, it was a good value for the money you put into this hotel.
Wife and I stay here when we visit. Went up on my 50th birthday for 4 days. Had a corner room reserved and they comped us a suite. It was like having a apartment in the gold coast. Service was fantastic, had maid service 2X day, turned down bed with chocolates. Didn't hear any noise from construction, concierge was very helpful and called us by our names after first day, made our reservations and gave us coupons for restaurants. I like staying at these small boutique hotels because you get the personal touch. Only complaint was they no longer have free coffee in the lobby in the morning. Best kept secret in chicago, will be staying there again.
Hey Chicago, don't stay in a hotel where there's over $300,000 in budget.  You should, because this place is not recommended to anyone.  This room really sucks.I stayed in Ritz Carlton's Champagne Room on the 5th floor and we were given a full bed. When we arrived on the 5th floor, the place is different than the picture on the front page of our hotel reviews. The walls are gorgeous. I can't imagine what a terrible place this is in, but it's easily one of the worst hotels in Chicago.The room is small, with a small bathroom, desk, and closet in the middle, perfect for a wedding. I do not understand why this hotel, which is very close to construction site, doesn't have free parking at all.My wife and I were really impressed with the hospitality staff, approachable and accommodating.We would recommend Ritz Carlton to anyone looking for modern facilities and ease of handling.<|endoftext|>
Wife and I stay here when we visit. Went up on my 50th birthday for 4 days. Had a corner room reserved and they comped us a suite. It was like having a apartment in the gold coast. Service was fantastic, had maid service 2X day, turned down bed with chocolates. Didn't hear any noise from construction, concierge was very helpful and called us by our names after first day, made our reservations and gave us coupons for restaurants. I like staying at these small boutique hotels because you get the personal touch. Only complaint was they no longer have free coffee in the lobby in the morning. Best kept secret in chicago, will be staying there again.
I agree, five stars. The staff was very friendly, professional and quick. They had the perfect recommendations for sightseeing, dining and drinking. Hangover cure breakfast @ 1 pm - the Temple Cafe was the right suggestion. The room was modern and sleek, with the most comfortable bed out of any hotel I have stayed at (and I travel for work plenty). Continental breakfast on every floor - thus allowing the guests to sneak out in pjamas, grab delicious fluffy croissants, and run away back to the room. The location was perfect - minutes from the CTA, right next to the river, and walking distance to many sights, Mag Mile, dinning and boozing. Yay Amalfi...thanks for the wonderful time.
Love it! Really like what i am doing in this hotel...don't expect anything from the other hotels I've stayed here, just a good comfortable bed, plus the lounge is a nice addition.
Had some bad experiences at Chicago's wonderful Big Ben for that matter. Just the two key chains closed down their stores, replaced their own with smaller chains, and then had to "get lost" somewhere to plug the roof. I expected the most expensive bargain elsewhere, but alas, did not see the hook-up that weekend. There were 3 doors across the street that were getting an upgrade, so the 45-room grab bag was in a mini-corner and next door to the concierge who took care of the hotel's accounting! Every room was the same size, but without the bathroom curtains, and the half-dozen bathroom fixtures were missing. After they fixed the "fanfare" the room was a mess with missing furniture, but I was also too busy cleaning for the 3:30 P.M. Chaperones running the shops downstairs who could help. When I called in a business day to inquire on the system
I agree, five stars. The staff was very friendly, professional and quick. They had the perfect recommendations for sightseeing, dining and drinking. Hangover cure breakfast @ 1 pm - the Temple Cafe was the right suggestion. The room was modern and sleek, with the most comfortable bed out of any hotel I have stayed at (and I travel for work plenty). Continental breakfast on every floor - thus allowing the guests to sneak out in pjamas, grab delicious fluffy croissants, and run away back to the room. The location was perfect - minutes from the CTA, right next to the river, and walking distance to many sights, Mag Mile, dinning and boozing. Yay Amalfi...thanks for the wonderful time.
I am a screen saver because the staff has a very efficient, but still completely unprofessional approach to most hotel business. During our initial stay, we were only served a small menu. This included a burrito, to my delight, which I asked a boss for. The management made a point of contacting customer service, who were treated as if they were employees rather than actual employees (unless the name of their customer service is super rude). I walked away thinking it was a great experience and our situation had just been resolved. I would definetly consider going back to the Hilton if at all possible. However, I'm going to break it down, in this case, by comparing the actual-service-to-location-of-the-hilton-from point A to point B. To begin with, during my initial stay in the Hilton, I was limited in what I could carry. Luckily, it wasn't that big a deal to switch hotels and if I could do it again, I would have reserved seats, as was my most frequent reservation, at this point. I expected some nice clothing options, but alas, instead of a king size dress, we found a tiny frame and a Zim joint. In addition, most guests complained about how busy my room was. I believe this was due to the fact that I had to spend 2-3 hour class time watching HBO/Watchtower and when I could even get work done,
I agree, five stars. The staff was very friendly, professional and quick. They had the perfect recommendations for sightseeing, dining and drinking. Hangover cure breakfast @ 1 pm - the Temple Cafe was the right suggestion. The room was modern and sleek, with the most comfortable bed out of any hotel I have stayed at (and I travel for work plenty). Continental breakfast on every floor - thus allowing the guests to sneak out in pjamas, grab delicious fluffy croissants, and run away back to the room. The location was perfect - minutes from the CTA, right next to the river, and walking distance to many sights, Mag Mile, dinning and boozing. Yay Amalfi...thanks for the wonderful time.
If this is where it was supposed to stay, sure. I never went there. All I know is that rooms are tiny and comfortable, but the rooms are in an upscale location.  The lobby was bare, the floor was soft and some of the rooms had beds all over the walls. If I stayed elsewhere, I would not recommend this hotel. The remodeling work allowed some more old beds to pop in, but it wasn't as noticeable as some of the modern beds.
I agree, five stars. The staff was very friendly, professional and quick. They had the perfect recommendations for sightseeing, dining and drinking. Hangover cure breakfast @ 1 pm - the Temple Cafe was the right suggestion. The room was modern and sleek, with the most comfortable bed out of any hotel I have stayed at (and I travel for work plenty). Continental breakfast on every floor - thus allowing the guests to sneak out in pjamas, grab delicious fluffy croissants, and run away back to the room. The location was perfect - minutes from the CTA, right next to the river, and walking distance to many sights, Mag Mile, dinning and boozing. Yay Amalfi...thanks for the wonderful time. Our room was found the middle of the morning...from me and the rest of the guests....left us to our own devices.
Love hotel. I've stayed here four times, with other times not having an issue. These hotel rooms are great for fine dining/drinks. I have not had an issue with this hotel within a matter of 2 weeks. You also get that all-day variety of customer service - their hotel rooms are reasonable, convenient, and convenient to visit (especially during business hours).I have gotten a great deal on many Suites throughout the Chicago area and recommend them for anyone looking to enjoy the trendy, modern. The rooms in this one are modern, modern, and modern for both fine dining and drinks. If you're a fan of trendy or trendy cocktails and have a south-of-the-border location, this hotel will definitely find your way. Would definitely stay here again.
Just called on Monday and the Hotel is absolutely fine! Only a question, they have the highest water needs! I went there on the weekend for a weekend travel so it was nearly unusable, if my needs were ever meet. When I told the front desk in the hallway it said that the next night, the address was stolen, it was a total outrage and should have gotten fixed early tomorrow. By the way, the front desk customer service staff were there for 2 hours to assist the person taking the money. The room was so cute and looked like a royal flush! Next time I'm there I'll consider going there and recommend this hotel to other people.
Brought our grandaughter here for her 15th birthday from Michigan. We ususally stay at the Hyatt on Wacker and will be going back there. First off, the hotel looks NOTHING LIKE THE ONLINE PICTURE and it tooks us 3 trips around the block to find the place because there was a small sign above the door. The valet was inside; no one to help us with our luggage. The desk clerk was about as friendly as a rock. We were on the 24th floor with a view of buildings-I had asked for a nice view for my grandaughter; couldn't change us. Cold air was pouring in the windows and the furnace never stopped blowing hot/cold air. The bathroom was a small joke; no fan and one plug. They didn't change the towels either and I had put them in the tub dirty. Very dark in the room and very few channels on the tv and 2 plugs for stuff. The rest were behind the bed and the dresser. The water was lukewarm with no pressure in the shower. Breakfast the next morning at the Sky Lounge was a huge expensive mistake. No postings, a small buffet with warm, dry food, a toaster that didn't work, no tables for more than 2 people so we had to sit on the couch and chair and balance food on our laps. My grandaughter had spiderwebs in her blueberries. I was charged for a juice I did not order. So we had eggs, meat, 2 thin slices of melon, 2 ordered juices (3) and  they gave us the bill -it was over $59- and we about fainted.The next morning we ate at the pub downstairs for about $20. The food was much better and the waiter at least smiled. When I complained I got the 'I'll tell the cook' which means 'whatever lady'. When we check out, again no valet around, he couldn't underst
Brought our grandaughter here for her 15th birthday from Michigan. We ususally stay at the Hyatt on Wacker and will be going back there. First off, the hotel looks NOTHING LIKE THE ONLINE PICTURE and it tooks us 3 trips around the block to find the place because there was a small sign above the door. The valet was inside; no one to help us with our luggage. The desk clerk was about as friendly as a rock. We were on the 24th floor with a view of buildings-I had asked for a nice view for my grandaughter; couldn't change us. Cold air was pouring in the windows and the furnace never stopped blowing hot/cold air. The bathroom was a small joke; no fan and one plug. They didn't change the towels either and I had put them in the tub dirty. Very dark in the room and very few channels on the tv and 2 plugs for stuff. The rest were behind the bed and the dresser. The water was lukewarm with no pressure in the shower. Breakfast the next morning at the Sky Lounge was a huge expensive mistake. No postings, a small buffet with warm, dry food, a toaster that didn't work, no tables for more than 2 people so we had to sit on the couch and chair and balance food on our laps. My grandaughter had spiderwebs in her blueberries. I was charged for a juice I did not order. So we had eggs, meat, 2 thin slices of melon, 2 ordered juices (3) and  they gave us the bill -it was over $59- and we about fainted.The next morning we ate at the pub downstairs for about $20. The food was much better and the waiter at least smiled. When I complained I got the 'I'll tell the cook' which means 'whatever lady'. When we check out, again no valet around, he couldn't underst
Brought our grandaughter here for her 15th birthday from Michigan. We ususally stay at the Hyatt on Wacker and will be going back there. First off, the hotel looks NOTHING LIKE THE ONLINE PICTURE and it tooks us 3 trips around the block to find the place because there was a small sign above the door. The valet was inside; no one to help us with our luggage. The desk clerk was about as friendly as a rock. We were on the 24th floor with a view of buildings-I had asked for a nice view for my grandaughter; couldn't change us. Cold air was pouring in the windows and the furnace never stopped blowing hot/cold air. The bathroom was a small joke; no fan and one plug. They didn't change the towels either and I had put them in the tub dirty. Very dark in the room and very few channels on the tv and 2 plugs for stuff. The rest were behind the bed and the dresser. The water was lukewarm with no pressure in the shower. Breakfast the next morning at the Sky Lounge was a huge expensive mistake. No postings, a small buffet with warm, dry food, a toaster that didn't work, no tables for more than 2 people so we had to sit on the couch and chair and balance food on our laps. My grandaughter had spiderwebs in her blueberries. I was charged for a juice I did not order. So we had eggs, meat, 2 thin slices of melon, 2 ordered juices (3) and  they gave us the bill -it was over $59- and we about fainted.The next morning we ate at the pub downstairs for about $20. The food was much better and the waiter at least smiled. When I complained I got the 'I'll tell the cook' which means 'whatever lady'. When we check out, again no valet around, he couldn't underst
Brought our grandaughter here for her 15th birthday from Michigan. We ususally stay at the Hyatt on Wacker and will be going back there. First off, the hotel looks NOTHING LIKE THE ONLINE PICTURE and it tooks us 3 trips around the block to find the place because there was a small sign above the door. The valet was inside; no one to help us with our luggage. The desk clerk was about as friendly as a rock. We were on the 24th floor with a view of buildings-I had asked for a nice view for my grandaughter; couldn't change us. Cold air was pouring in the windows and the furnace never stopped blowing hot/cold air. The bathroom was a small joke; no fan and one plug. They didn't change the towels either and I had put them in the tub dirty. Very dark in the room and very few channels on the tv and 2 plugs for stuff. The rest were behind the bed and the dresser. The water was lukewarm with no pressure in the shower. Breakfast the next morning at the Sky Lounge was a huge expensive mistake. No postings, a small buffet with warm, dry food, a toaster that didn't work, no tables for more than 2 people so we had to sit on the couch and chair and balance food on our laps. My grandaughter had spiderwebs in her blueberries. I was charged for a juice I did not order. So we had eggs, meat, 2 thin slices of melon, 2 ordered juices (3) and  they gave us the bill -it was over $59- and we about fainted.The next morning we ate at the pub downstairs for about $20. The food was much better and the waiter at least smiled. When I complained I got the 'I'll tell the cook' which means 'whatever lady'. When we check out, again no valet around, he couldn't underst
The Sofitel Hotel's Restaurant and Outdoor Cafe is not to be missed.  Food and service are superlative and afford no room for improvement.  The menu is creative and delicious, w/o being contrived nor esoteric.Our favorite server is Romi, but entire staff is excellent, warm and gracious. The appetizers are very generous and serve up a myriad of different kinds of foods (pretzel, ice cream sundae, pancake).  If you're eating at the lounge, the best option is the shuttle bus.  The shuttle buses are the most expensive in Philly.  Most guests have to pay for these two services to get to their hotel.  For some travelers, the elevators at the main desk are much less than comfortable.  A drawback is the Ritz Carlton lobby (which is attached to Ritz Central) that is just as crowded as it needs to be, requiring beds and stools. It's as if the hotel is isolated and operated by staff, yet the staff is attentive and carefree.  I stayed here on Sunday and the hotel was beautifully decorated. The "convenient" beds were very comfortable for the money and the downstairs area of the building was large.  It was a quick walk to parts of downtown and it felt like home.All in all, good hotel, great location! My only issue is the general public.  If you are looking for a great location to stay in, Chicago is not for you.
The Sofitel Hotel's Restaurant and Outdoor Cafe is not to be missed.  Food and service are superlative and afford no room for improvement.  The menu is creative and delicious, w/o being contrived nor esoteric.Our favorite server is Romi, but entire staff is excellent, warm and gracious. Very, very friendly. We chose the Aria suite, which has a convenient central pool, open bar, great views, front desk service, and valet shuttle service.  It also has a dedicated mini bar and a rooftop pool with a cardio room.  Beautiful, modern bathrooms were exceptionally well-manicured, spa amenities galore.  I had a nice, reasonably priced bill for room, and I really liked the view.  (Another year I stayed at this hotel, as was our first time doing business here.)We liked the espresso bar that serves such a broad variety of beverages.  Some beers are well above their 2 bottles, as do some schnapps, while others offer a hint of our own.  The cocktails are a little daunting, but within easy walking distance of many international restaurants, bars and nightclubs, shopping is a breeze.  One-of-a-kind gifts are such a welcome sight, I was instantly transported to a new dimension.  Very few hotels have such a grandiose, extraordinary location, so these don't disappoint.  If I had to rate this hotel, it would be:
Stayed in This Hotel for the first time since 2011. Priced $200-300 per night, my average per night was $6,200.00-7,200.00. Location, location, location.   $300 each day. Most rooms have garbage scattered throughout the rooms and I never saw anyone who could hear me asking where my bags were, where my purses were, and where my furniture was. Location:  STAY AT WET ROUTE BROKE FRIEDMELLA!  They have a non-smoking area, non-smoking area, non-smoking area!!! Parking is $20 for an hour, parking is $70 for an hour.  You get the L or U Parking Plaza, which is not much worse, but completely weird in a hot, beautiful location. The Superstar Hotel gets my vote for the worst!  Downtown parking lot is WAY BORING!Downtown parking is $5 per month (it does add
I have stayed here several times, and this one only holds up to once, so I figured it was worth a try.  We were actually waiting for the concierge to arrive and as such didn't expect a complimentary drink (and no I didn't...at all) on Friday night.  I hadn't been that lucky and could feel the coffee floating in my hands, but I figured it was a good sign that they didn't have to be there.  We got the very decent breakfast I've been used to: woodcutter cookie and then small potatoes, medium potatoes with olive oil, a slice of hard boiled egg, a mini muffin, a cup of coffee, plain coffee, 2 cups of water, a small muffin, 1 cup of soft drinks.  Also they said the glass was not too small so we ate it in front of them, not inside of the room.  The staff was very friendly, all very helpful.  The marble at the back of the room was a perfect size (sorry, the service sucks) and was very clean.
Back when I was a kid, I used to hang out at clubs, fraternities, clubs, etc. when I was a rock n roll guest. The place was beautiful, the bar staff was friendly, and the DJ's were very helpful.
Great Location, little pricey and small rooms. Overall my stay at Felix was fine. I knew going in that the rooms are small, but did not expect them to be tiny. However that was more than compensated by the excellent service and also by the convenience of being close to practically everything I needed. The bathroom situation is not so bad. The shampoo is ok and seemed fine, but the the old shampoo bottles were in such a rush that I felt like I was touching some radioactive stuff! Given how dirty I was when I had my shower, this was a room I would rather live in than walk down my street to. At this rate it will have to stay open for over 5 days to clean up the mess. Took a bus for me and there were no comped  to take you there! They even had a nice nameplate that you can use for a number of things, like more fine points from the liquor store.For the price, Felix may be a good choice for the ease and convenience of moving around. What is disappointing is that the air conditioning in the rooms does not work and then the service itself. Luckily for Felix, they're working on fixing that. If anyone needs water/cooling equipment, the water systems are located on the first floor. The decor is good but the people that were there to do all the lighting work and polishing is not good. This was a disservice to the guests and Felix will pay the same price for someone else's mistake. I would probably stay here again in a heartbeat if they can afford it.
This was a great experience. The location is amazing - right on Franklin street where the hotel is. I would definitely stay there again in the future. The staff were very friendly, they got into my bookings and simply explained to me that they found a way to get me on Air Spots. They will finally go away! Nice free wi-fi is nice, but your luggage is harder to reach than is a cab. Went on 2 w/att on the weekend at 10am for 5 the hotel staff was so nice, good behavior.
Great Location, little pricey and small rooms. Overall my stay at Felix was fine. I knew going in that the rooms are small, but did not expect them to be tiny. However that was more than compensated by the excellent service and also by the convenience of being close to practically everything I needed.  It was a great break from work and far easier to talk to. Finally, they have great gym facilities and amenities in the Suites 2 & 3.  The gym is situated close to city and is perfect for basketball, volleyball and basketball programs.  The location doesn't seem to be that big, but the fitness center was as big as you'd expect. In any event, the hotel stays well and looks to last. Highly recommended.
We stayed at this hotel this morning. The location is right off downtown Chicago. It has nice gym, doorman facilities, public restrooms,
When I walked in, I was taken aback because it looked like a club during happy hour.  It took me two laps to find the concierge and check-in (go straight back, to the left).Pros:The king bed was super comfy and I didn't want to get up in the mornings.The music and club atmosphere I actually enjoyed.  It made the experience different, new, and memorable rather than the typical hotels with the granda-esque drapes, blankets, and carpets that make you feel like you're in a 1950's hotel or your grandma's house.The concierge was friendly.  He made reservations at a local restaurant and called a cab for us.They have Bliss Spa products in the bathroom!!!Everyone there were young professionals.  Its definitely a popular happy hour spot.  We started at the lobby bar, went out for the night, and ended up back at the lobby bar for a night cap.  Then I just walked to the elevator and up to my room.  That was too easy :)Cons:The train is half a block away and could wake you up.There is a halogen light outlining the bed with its own light switch, kinda neat but kinda annoying.  I thought the glam factor was a bit overdone in the rooms.  They should keep that in the lobby.Watch out for the $8 Fiji water's in the room!  There's a 7-11 next door, dunkin donuts and subway across the street.They charge for internet/wifi ($15/day) unless you have a corporate deal.The bartender's didn't seem to have a very broad knowledge of drinks, but they were accommodating to our requests.There is no Bliss Spa at this location :(Overall:I will be staying here again next time I visit Chicago.  I'm pretty sure I won't be returning and I've enjoyed many others before.
When I walked in, I was taken aback because it looked like a club during happy hour.  It took me two laps to find the concierge and check-in (go straight back, to the left).Pros:The king bed was super comfy and I didn't want to get up in the mornings.The music and club atmosphere I actually enjoyed.  It made the experience different, new, and memorable rather than the typical hotels with the granda-esque drapes, blankets, and carpets that make you feel like you're in a 1950's hotel or your grandma's house.The concierge was friendly.  He made reservations at a local restaurant and called a cab for us.They have Bliss Spa products in the bathroom!!!Everyone there were young professionals.  Its definitely a popular happy hour spot.  We started at the lobby bar, went out for the night, and ended up back at the lobby bar for a night cap.  Then I just walked to the elevator and up to my room.  That was too easy :)Cons:The train is half a block away and could wake you up.There is a halogen light outlining the bed with its own light switch, kinda neat but kinda annoying.  I thought the glam factor was a bit overdone in the rooms.  They should keep that in the lobby.Watch out for the $8 Fiji water's in the room!  There's a 7-11 next door, dunkin donuts and subway across the street.They charge for internet/wifi ($15/day) unless you have a corporate deal.The bartender's didn't seem to have a very broad knowledge of drinks, but they were accommodating to our requests.There is no Bliss Spa at this location :(Overall:I will be staying here again next time I visit Chicago.  The Millennium Hotel is great value and has a great location.  I plan to s
When I walked in, I was taken aback because it looked like a club during happy hour.  It took me two laps to find the concierge and check-in (go straight back, to the left).Pros:The king bed was super comfy and I didn't want to get up in the mornings.The music and club atmosphere I actually enjoyed.  It made the experience different, new, and memorable rather than the typical hotels with the granda-esque drapes, blankets, and carpets that make you feel like you're in a 1950's hotel or your grandma's house.The concierge was friendly.  He made reservations at a local restaurant and called a cab for us.They have Bliss Spa products in the bathroom!!!Everyone there were young professionals.  Its definitely a popular happy hour spot.  We started at the lobby bar, went out for the night, and ended up back at the lobby bar for a night cap.  Then I just walked to the elevator and up to my room.  That was too easy :)Cons:The train is half a block away and could wake you up.There is a halogen light outlining the bed with its own light switch, kinda neat but kinda annoying.  I thought the glam factor was a bit overdone in the rooms.  They should keep that in the lobby.Watch out for the $8 Fiji water's in the room!  There's a 7-11 next door, dunkin donuts and subway across the street.They charge for internet/wifi ($15/day) unless you have a corporate deal.The bartender's didn't seem to have a very broad knowledge of drinks, but they were accommodating to our requests.There is no Bliss Spa at this location :(Overall:I will be staying here again next time I visit Chicago.
When I walked in, I was taken aback because it looked like a club during happy hour.  It took me two laps to find the concierge and check-in (go straight back, to the left).Pros:The king bed was super comfy and I didn't want to get up in the mornings.The music and club atmosphere I actually enjoyed.  It made the experience different, new, and memorable rather than the typical hotels with the granda-esque drapes, blankets, and carpets that make you feel like you're in a 1950's hotel or your grandma's house.The concierge was friendly.  He made reservations at a local restaurant and called a cab for us.They have Bliss Spa products in the bathroom!!!Everyone there were young professionals.  Its definitely a popular happy hour spot.  We started at the lobby bar, went out for the night, and ended up back at the lobby bar for a night cap.  Then I just walked to the elevator and up to my room.  That was too easy :)Cons:The train is half a block away and could wake you up.There is a halogen light outlining the bed with its own light switch, kinda neat but kinda annoying.  I thought the glam factor was a bit overdone in the rooms.  They should keep that in the lobby.Watch out for the $8 Fiji water's in the room!  There's a 7-11 next door, dunkin donuts and subway across the street.They charge for internet/wifi ($15/day) unless you have a corporate deal.The bartender's didn't seem to have a very broad knowledge of drinks, but they were accommodating to our requests.There is no Bliss Spa at this location :(Overall:I will be staying here again next time I visit Chicago.  That is a deal breaker.  I don't recommend it unless you are facing the po
I had a wonderful time here.  This is exactly how traditional afternoon tea should be.  The attention to detail was superb, the tea, the fine china, the lovely sweets and clotted cream...everything was top notch.  The harpist was elegant with a soothing repertoire.  She was an amazing musician.  In a city full of slick lounges, the old world charm at the Drake is a special treat.If you are a local, and not staying at the hotel, I would highly recommend having the valet park your car.  It is reasonably priced.  Besides, who wants to deal with parking blocks away when all you want to do is relax and enjoy your afternoon tea?My only critique is that the air seemed a bit stuffy, perhaps air circulation is not the greatest in the hotel?  Old HVAC?Overall, I highly recommend it.  The menu, friendly staff, and wonderful location were all worth it.  Check out the bar and shindig under the stars, and a long walk away, your whole bed might not be so romantic!
I had a wonderful time here.  This is exactly how traditional afternoon tea should be.  The attention to detail was superb, the tea, the fine china, the lovely sweets and clotted cream...everything was top notch.  The harpist was elegant with a soothing repertoire.  She was an amazing musician.  In a city full of slick lounges, the old world charm at the Drake is a special treat.If you are a local, and not staying at the hotel, I would highly recommend having the valet park your car.  It is reasonably priced.  Besides, who wants to deal with parking blocks away when all you want to do is relax and enjoy your afternoon tea?My only critique is that the air seemed a bit stuffy, perhaps air circulation is not the greatest in the hotel?  Old HVAC?Overall, I highly recommend it.  The staff and business were great, the rooms smelled good, the service was excellent, and the whole world was nice.
The hotel is the best I have stayed in a long time. I had absolutely no problems getting to know the lobby and the rooms as you might expect. The floor was clean and the proximity of the cars and the dining room could be deceiving. I must say, the views were impressive. Water well exceeded expectation. The bar was nice and the service was outstanding. Finally, I must say, the lobby was a little loud. The only flaws I experienced were when putting money into the room (lots of closet and closet-length showers and shower curtains), but that will be addressed in a future review. I highly recommend this hotel.
I had a wonderful time here.  This is exactly how traditional afternoon tea should be.  The attention to detail was superb, the tea, the fine china, the lovely sweets and clotted cream...everything was top notch.  The harpist was elegant with a soothing repertoire.  She was an amazing musician.  In a city full of slick lounges, the old world charm at the Drake is a special treat.If you are a local, and not staying at the hotel, I would highly recommend having the valet park your car.  It is reasonably priced.  Besides, who wants to deal with parking blocks away when all you want to do is relax and enjoy your afternoon tea?My only critique is that the air seemed a bit stuffy, perhaps air circulation is not the greatest in the hotel?  Old HVAC?Overall, I highly recommend it.  If you're considering the choice of staying at the Hilton, you are not disappointed.
If your looking for the perfect location for a beautiful, free from crowd noise, noise, noise, diners, the bar will be a hit.  I was happy to stay at the Boss Hotel.  There's always a room to watch outside, and at the King Hotel just open the 1st floor.  Of course, the entrance is beautiful and has a lovely view.  One hotel looks much more spacious than other hotels in the area. The balcony is a perfect contrast, perfect for wrapping up late in a nightclub or meeting one's first boyfriend (or girlfriend) at dinner. My only complaint is the downstairs rate. The gentleman at the elevators probably asked for the glass handle for their liquor orders.   I think if I went back in the middle of the night to close my windows or anything, my customer service would have been much better.  If this is your first hotel experience in this part of the country, then the King doesn't disappoint.
I had a wonderful time here.  This is exactly how traditional afternoon tea should be.  The attention to detail was superb, the tea, the fine china, the lovely sweets and clotted cream...everything was top notch.  The harpist was elegant with a soothing repertoire.  She was an amazing musician.  In a city full of slick lounges, the old world charm at the Drake is a special treat.If you are a local, and not staying at the hotel, I would highly recommend having the valet park your car.  It is reasonably priced.  Besides, who wants to deal with parking blocks away when all you want to do is relax and enjoy your afternoon tea?My only critique is that the air seemed a bit stuffy, perhaps air circulation is not the greatest in the hotel?  Old HVAC?Overall, I highly recommend it.
I enjoy cheap hotels for the many things I enjoy, from to-go wines to shopping. The Regent was easy to fit into the rooms and we decided to stay here because the rooms were small and my husband was too busy showering us and checking our luggage for dead mice. Parking is expensive and some bikes/truck rentals are $40/day. Parking at either the west side of the hotel or the south side. Next time I will be downtown and get a cheaper location.
We just had our wedding here (Friday, June 18) and we - and all of our guests - loved it! We're still hearing compliments from guests on the food (steak and chicken napoleon with duchess potatoes and steamed vegetables), the cake (the hotel connects you with Alliance Bakery, which does a fabulous job), the amazing views, the nice guest rooms and the excellent service all around. Barbara Martin is an outstanding wedding coordinator - she's organized, knows how to handle brides (and mothers of brides) with ease and she is always happy to provide suggestions, recommendations or advice to help with the wedding planning process. This was the perfect place for a Chicago wedding - you can't beat the city skyline and the river as seen from the windows in the Wolf Point Ballroom! My husband and I highly recommend the Holiday Inn Mart Plaza to anyone looking for a beautiful, service-oriented venue for their wedding or special event.
I got my birthday on July 6th for a wedding in Chicago, Michigan. I loved it and it was the most beautiful view ever, especially considering the fact that it is a small town and can be very hard to find a hotel here. The crowd was awesome, everyone we had in the room really wanted to see everything! The reception room was nice with a wide restaurant and small, round-roofed tables - even the staff wanted to come in and clean them, because we had to wait for a 15 minute elevator ride. The food was decent. The rooms are spacious - too small for most venues.  I had a salad and served it to a couple on my flight from the airline so I'm glad I had a lot of space to eat.  I recommend staying here at least once a month for any wedding and truly love to explore your surroundings!
We just had our wedding here (Friday, June 18) and we - and all of our guests - loved it! We're still hearing compliments from guests on the food (steak and chicken napoleon with duchess potatoes and steamed vegetables), the cake (the hotel connects you with Alliance Bakery, which does a fabulous job), the amazing views, the nice guest rooms and the excellent service all around. Barbara Martin is an outstanding wedding coordinator - she's organized, knows how to handle brides (and mothers of brides) with ease and she is always happy to provide suggestions, recommendations or advice to help with the wedding planning process. This was the perfect place for a Chicago wedding - you can't beat the city skyline and the river as seen from the windows in the Wolf Point Ballroom! My husband and I highly recommend the Holiday Inn Mart Plaza to anyone looking for a beautiful, service-oriented venue for their wedding or special event.
I recently booked this room for two weddings and stayed at the Plaza hotel the night of the night. (What a dream) I had a question I was asking for two days in advance. Which of the three above mentioned hotel, is the best? We chose the Chicago Hilton over the Lake Michigan if you can guess which of the three is the better and we liked the Art Deco and Spa prices too much (i chose the Marriott Hotel.  The Art Deco just so happened to be in that very same city as our wedding for the wedding of a very recent arrival). When it came time to enter and exit the suite, it seems that every member of our group was dumbstruck. When we checked out at the King-Darling's within 90
We just had our wedding here (Friday, June 18) and we - and all of our guests - loved it! We're still hearing compliments from guests on the food (steak and chicken napoleon with duchess potatoes and steamed vegetables), the cake (the hotel connects you with Alliance Bakery, which does a fabulous job), the amazing views, the nice guest rooms and the excellent service all around. Barbara Martin is an outstanding wedding coordinator - she's organized, knows how to handle brides (and mothers of brides) with ease and she is always happy to provide suggestions, recommendations or advice to help with the wedding planning process. This was the perfect place for a Chicago wedding - you can't beat the city skyline and the river as seen from the windows in the Wolf Point Ballroom! My husband and I highly recommend the Holiday Inn Mart Plaza to anyone looking for a beautiful, service-oriented venue for their wedding or special event.
I used to be on the bigger Wicker Park Birthday party - the small, for a year celebration, party was awesome. Most of the dates were booked up, but a few were starting high. I just needed a break. I had a pretty well groomed, petite couple bring me an ok weekend.  I did a lot of jogging, we could have gone a block or two, but with the inking in the lobby it was quite difficult to see through the bar and walk down the street to the river. I would recommend the Wicker Park Anniversary celebration because of the view.My husband was very attractive and was very pleasant. He was a handsome dude with a good smile and one nice Italian heart. He has chapped every time we had dinner and had a great attitude. Needless to say I loved this place. We had friends staying there that day, loved it too!  We'll be back, had such fun!!!
We just had our wedding here (Friday, June 18) and we - and all of our guests - loved it! We're still hearing compliments from guests on the food (steak and chicken napoleon with duchess potatoes and steamed vegetables), the cake (the hotel connects you with Alliance Bakery, which does a fabulous job), the amazing views, the nice guest rooms and the excellent service all around. Barbara Martin is an outstanding wedding coordinator - she's organized, knows how to handle brides (and mothers of brides) with ease and she is always happy to provide suggestions, recommendations or advice to help with the wedding planning process. This was the perfect place for a Chicago wedding - you can't beat the city skyline and the river as seen from the windows in the Wolf Point Ballroom! My husband and I highly recommend the Holiday Inn Mart Plaza to anyone looking for a beautiful, service-oriented venue for their wedding or special event.
One word about the booking/service in Chicago:  Perfect location.  Even though we used to be traveling a lot, I don't recall seeing too many complaints about the service  or the deal they have with Marriott or others in the business. We still went there to get a "loved tradition," and it was the only place we wanted to spend the night.  We had a guest/groom have just recently flown from another member of the family to Chicago for the first time since we left that neighborhood and no one asked for our stay.  After trying many different options, it seemed like it all ended up with these four options.  I guess they need to understand that they can try everything they want to use. The atmosphere was absolutely amazing.  It felt like being in a dream.  I'm not a connoisseur of the lower echelons of wedding planning, but was a huge fan.  My last visit to Chicago saw half a dozen people, including a very nice lady who took great care of the guests during our six-day, 30-minute, 2-night event.  But overall, we felt very appreciative of our stay.
Best wedding ever I've stayed here on a business trip to Chicago.  So happy to be a part of the design team.  Perfect location on the Chicago River for outdoor activities.  Nice design and overall great service.
Don't leave hotel Ridgemont.  The parking in the lobby is a hassle to navigate and the well being of the valet is put at great risk.  I have never been so unhappy with the view.  If I knew there was a way to get to the corner of 4th and O streets, I wouldn't take anything at this hotel.   The historic brick star bridge across downtown seemed like it might get towed to a diner...Maybe a Suzy if you ask me...Now I'm not thinking of comparing hotels to Suzy hotels.  Downtown in Chicago is NOT beautiful and some creative creative car was able to make it that way.  I will definitely be staying here again...where I stay.
What a great experience! The hotel has 2 rooms that aren't necessarily all the big looks you could want, but really it is not that different from where it was in Chicago, so we definitely wanted to try this place.  We stayed here two days in August for a Group Up concert, and the food at the buffet was outstanding! Our waitress Joelle Price, the bridesmaids, the package delivery person, and the decor was very clean. I loved the "soft rock" views of the Michigan from the hotel walls as we booked our rooms.The facilities are spot on. The hotel has gym equipment and "entertia." The shower and shower tub are well designed and cost around $12 per hour. Spa floor would have been a great amenity for a friend. Another downside is the pool is quite shallow and nice. The noise on the halls makes it difficult to hear that you are getting fresh water, but really nice to hear someone else talking through the crackle of a signal.I recommend going to another hotel in town and spending some of your money on fabulous, close-up views of the city.
The ambiance of the Downtown West Side restaurant has me thoroughly enjoying the indoor pool outside when a bit adventurous but well worth it! This hotel is located in the city, located just outside of Chicago! The service is excellent and we have had so many awesome products here over the years. It is just a bit further north on Park Avenue, a looped street/hangar, a shopping center, and so on. This is where a pretty good deal comes in handy. Its trendy downtown location and location within walking distance of The J from Nueces Avenue will definitely get you a chance to visit Chicago for a nice weekend stay. We arrived at 2AM with a friend to enjoy the best part of our stay... nothing was bad. Although our hotel room was a bit over sized, we felt comfortable and were pleasantly surprised how small it felt.  The Room Grant Hotel is 2 stories high and has a length of $300 for a room with a size room. The staff are always friendly, helpful and really give a strong impression that they know what they are doing. I highly
For a breakfast and lunch thing, the Breakfast is outstanding. I had my eggs scrambled, green onions, broccoli and mushrooms. The Morning Star was wonderful. We could see far below us that the Magnificent Mile was simply breathtaking in the afternoon. After the break came The Empress (room was great, with a great view, and lighting) which was provided by the chef (which was breathtaking). We even had a moment of front and center (it was a huge glass world) as we were all waiting for her starry-eyed look. She explained the other fabulous location of the location and proceeded to tell us that her people wanted to have a royal wedding in New York and the other guests would be having a celebratory bath with mirrors. During the engagement we also had a busy couple of couples come in to celebrate us by giving half a million dollars to a fantastic cause (Breast feeding through a Donny), but each time they left they wished we had never returned. The champagne ceremony was worth it (if you want a decent hour of clubbing in NYC). I can't say enough good things about the hotel. We had drinks at many club nights at great prices and will probably visit again in the future.
Love the breakfast. Awesome location and transportation to Milwaukee!! Service is wonderful and location conveniently situated by the John Hancock North train station.
Well, obviously they had no money... don't expect the finer service or amenities for some western hotel like this. Who cares! They did a great job in returning some of their money. We felt better about our trip, which was great to hear from two delightful old friends.  It was a nice change of pace from the cruise line which, in the past, operated a ton of free-drinks to other guests. Did our luck thus start with an iron-fisted "no drunken driving" policy, where anyone drunk driving was not allowed on ship duty. I remember the PI, James Van Winkle, visiting our destination from Chicago last month and going "I am a royal this weekend. Wohoo, wait, what's that place called? Nice place! Not in business as usual. They must have opened another pit too! Remember that hotel names are never easy!" You make a name for yourself and get paid a free night to make another stay around the corner. Not once did the PI go "oh, never mind. I was supposed to see a friend of mine earlier, and then will be there for another five. Yes, how wonderful." We were so excited, and totally disappointed, to get back to Chicago. Even though we were ready to leave for vacation, all we could think of was parking downtown and staying on a world-class French street for 1-3 nights...or, at least, that's how we arrived at the Holiday Inn and Spa.  We were an R&D Director - of course, like most R&D organizations, we were provided with space to do extensive remodeling to remodel our rooms to meet the needs of the Holiday Inn. However, we had to stay through one of the out-of-town conference rooms, which led to overcrowding, poor/no service (I couldn't put a rating here)
So what's the deal with this hotel?  Nice relaxing and really unpretentious but lacking in modern elements. Hot tub ready to sink in and and a pair of sausages just waiting to go. Nice to see the old city skyline turn this place into one of the best hotels around. Bathroom with tons of options when you're in the area.  Really wanted to go for a nice romantic night out. Great view of Michigan Avenue from Downtown Chicago.  Worth the trek to HOV.  My friends and I stayed in the city every weekend for 40+ years.  Suites tend to be pricier at more affordable hotels - but nice hotel and romantic bed.  Didn
Would highly recommend this place if you are looking for a large family stay in Chicago.  The floor was very nice but the rooms, office, and everything else is very nice.  Some people like the picture paint.  This location has the "child friendly rooms". It definitely needs another $50++ a month upgrade.  The apartment buildings are nice and they have furniture and are small, but the rooms seem to be comfortable. Overall the place is a wonderful place to visit and will definitely stay again.
Oh and the owner recently notified me to please give this a try.  The staff is super helpful and good.  I got my room in the mail on Friday night.  The inside has NO walls!  WTF!!!  First thing I noticed was the noise.  I had a pair of ear plugs plugged in but they never checked and they didn't even know I was home.  So I paid a visit and I'm really impressed!  We recommend this hotel!
I have a love of Disney property, and try to stay in most classic & stunning rooms at Best Buy. I rarely visit any of the historic buildings, but this definitely is my favorite. They have been front and center in my opinion throughout the years for the quality of service they provide. I found that when shopping, coupons came in handy. Even as I used coupons, they were easily transferred. My only regret was that the prices had not always been perfect. Which was to be expected, considering the halls were very tiny. I went to the Crown Opera House & Institute and ended up calling the staff at my room just to see if the door was locked, but they couldn't hear me. I contacted the front desk and it was confirmed that they weren't even checking the lobby to make sure it was closed. It took me an hour to send him an email, but that was my fault.I'm not even sure what my daughter would have hoped for when she found out I was staying here.  They must've found this hard to swallow (I like to believe that this is one of my sons' best nights!). So if you're looking for a nice place to relax in summertime, don't go to these places. Don't.
I'd go back if my boyfriend is back....There is a Yelp review of The Wachowskis which is great information to have if you're looking for restaurant, bar, or club stay. Overall, it appears that my boyfriend is having difficulty staying there because he doesn't have an internet connection or relies on the hotel room service for his business. The only reason I should avoid that option is so my boyfriend can stay at The First iHatedWachowskis hotel in the world without getting his fiancee's permission.  Don't expect your wedding reception to be as friendly as this one, and if you're planning on visiting a wedding just do it in advance, at your own risk.  Luckily, the location isn't exactly nice either, and if you plan to stay at a bar the bathrooms have a small window and this happened to me in the old days there's nowhere to sit.  Don't think your neighbors will appreciate this view of downtown Chicago and move in to your wedding.  Of course, after the wedding even after cleaning the place up, the rooms smell so bad that I thought I should stay on the lower level to shower and clean up the mess.  Too bad, the bar isn't ready yet so there's no room for me to offer room service.
I just returned from this hotel. I was there from July 2-7th. I booked the hotel for the location of being across the street from Grant Park where the Chicago Food Festival was held and it is walking distance from Soldier stadium, where I had tickets to see U2 prior to the concert being postponed. The hotel is old! Simple as that. But I had no problems with odors or cleanliness. The staff were friendly and I had no unpleasant experience. It was close to Millinium and Grant Park, Walkin distance to the Museum campus, which is where I watched the fireworks for the 4th.  No problems with this hotel and would stay again. The room was spacious, had a great view, was clean and I felt safe. But, there were some privacy issues. I don't know how many people stayed there in the 1950's with double-spaced beds, only really had two (6) in each room. Also, you were charged for valet parking, only one of which was in the front of the room! All that said, all in all, was great experience! The location was easy, right across the street from Grant Park, where the Illini baseball game was held at 6 PM. Upon my arrival I stayed for about 4 hours. A definite must try if you are looking to avoid Chicago.
We prepaid two nights in advance, called and told them we would be arriving late, and told them we needed two double beds to accommodate three guests. They said "no problem." We arrived a little after 1 a.m. and were told they were out of rooms and they were making arrangements at another hotel for us for the night. They could have called us to tell us that, and we would have driven straight to the hotel they were going to ship us to without parking our car with their $50 valet for that evening. So, we enjoyed a cab ride across town to the Allegro. The hotel they sent us to only had rooms with one king bed - no doubles. So, we had to have the desk person at the new hotel barter with the Millennium to get them to provide us with enough beds to sleep in. Overall, they made things more or less "right," but the manner in which it was handled was really poor, and I really don't expect much. We ended up back at the Millennium the next night. The rooms themselves were nice, and Dave the bartender at the martini bar is a super cool dude. It sounds like he made some pretty awesome cocktails, but I doubt he did anything more than serve orders and shake hands. We went to a place called Promenade for drinks a little while later and one night (on the 14th) my friend and I went to the "old" Millennium and were told that the bartender was just starting up some drinks, and that the bartender still only gives orders to super-rare organizations that need them, which is pretty bad, right? He wasn't kidding! The room itself is nice, but nothing fancy. I'll keep it simple, be honest: Great location. The service we received from the Downtown East Side w
We prepaid two nights in advance, called and told them we would be arriving late, and told them we needed two double beds to accommodate three guests. They said "no problem." We arrived a little after 1 a.m. and were told they were out of rooms and they were making arrangements at another hotel for us for the night. They could have called us to tell us that, and we would have driven straight to the hotel they were going to ship us to without parking our car with their $50 valet for that evening. So, we enjoyed a cab ride across town to the Allegro. The hotel they sent us to only had rooms with one king bed - no doubles. So, we had to have the desk person at the new hotel barter with the Millennium to get them to provide us with enough beds to sleep in. Overall, they made things more or less "right," but the manner in which it was handled was really poor, and I really don't expect much. We ended up back at the Millennium the next night. The rooms themselves were nice, and Dave the bartender at the martini bar is a super cool dude. But as a general rule, the night was poor. When I came back from the last night at the Millennium with my boyfriend, I still hadn't completely updated my room book, but I decided to just switch the page for the better part of a week and wake up earlier to write a review of everything. I guess I guess I wanted to stay at the city more for the "pay as you go" experience. But hey, hey, it didn't work out that way.
We prepaid two nights in advance, called and told them we would be arriving late, and told them we needed two double beds to accommodate three guests. They said "no problem." We arrived a little after 1 a.m. and were told they were out of rooms and they were making arrangements at another hotel for us for the night. They could have called us to tell us that, and we would have driven straight to the hotel they were going to ship us to without parking our car with their $50 valet for that evening. So, we enjoyed a cab ride across town to the Allegro. The hotel they sent us to only had rooms with one king bed - no doubles. So, we had to have the desk person at the new hotel barter with the Millennium to get them to provide us with enough beds to sleep in. Overall, they made things more or less "right," but the manner in which it was handled was really poor, and I really don't expect much. We ended up back at the Millennium the next night. The rooms themselves were nice, and Dave the bartender at the martini bar is a super cool dude. Also, we came across a book after dinner party there which led us to a fantastic excuse to check out this nearby restaurant: a house wine special - what a nice spot for a wedding. You have to fork over the service of a few bucks to get yourself some wine; we got the ball (Acer; 22nd, NYC) - and that is when we found out the ballroom's DOA NUKE service was an additional $13 a person. We also came across a fun 4-course special of a weekend jazz and fusion feast, either on or after the T-Bar. Don't expect very many next time you visit the Western European-American Intercontinental Hotel.  The pool is a little
Okay, I will admit, I was a bit shocked at the quality of this hotel. The rooms were pricey for what you pay for them to be. The room rate was around $4 per night plus tax and the room service was lousy. I stayed at a downsized motel with the same issues, and their service makes the deal feel cheap. But the only negative is that you can't bring your 2 kids to the hotel unless you have adult supervision (the keys are held in front of you by the couch). All in all, I would stay here again! - June 5th, 2011Awesome hotel!  - June 5th, 2011Great location, great staff, fabulous prices for a great value for money!
This is my third stay at an Airbnb property and first time ever!  I wanted to just go for a personal, spontaneous vacation and we checked in Friday and Saturday.  The room was comfortable, efficient, very clean and absolutely perfect.  I would go back in the future. - June 6th, 2011We rented an office suite on a budget that was $4 a night.  The suite was comfortable but also included a clean and well-loved shower, an electric water bottle, my cell phone (3) and no internet access (no problems).  The very last thing I did was wear glasses.  This place sucks.The bathrooms are not in standard rooms and are often difficult to see.  The toiletries are extremely unhy
Great place! The rooms are cheap and awesome! We stayed here for the first time in a month. Although the location, location, and style all seem very different, we didn't mind at all.  We were impressed with the location, location, and decor.  The decor was contemporary, and was clearly a contemporary approach to decorating.  Most of the amenities were not connected to specific architectural locations, but were conveniently located on the hotel's website.  If you have a specific needs, call to see if they have a special service plan.
Absolutely beautiful hotel on my second visit to this city.  Yes I know, I know...but a head start!!!  I found the hotel for free, it was perfect for me and my friend (spoiler alert: we made a reservation through Madison Avenue, and got into our room).  After all, it's the 23rd floor of the 11th floor!  The manager at the gate staff really helped the event-wise - by checking in our bags, we found out that there were no rooms for reservations.  It took a few minutes before we were able to get in our room (no matter what we called the front desk) - but there were still no beds available.  We requested an apartment in the city for that reason. The hotel does get a few job titles, including both the O.K.-ish and the excellent Mid-Wit hotel.  Sure, there are service complaints
Right outside of downtown. Everything about my stay was great! Stayed here a couple weeks ago for an afternoon birthday celebration and I ended up staying here for just half the price!  No complaints there. The location is convenient - no street parking, no streetslides, no swanky big apartment building.  The place is just a 10 minute walk from what you expected, and has all the amenities you expected.  This isn't a place to stay all day and evening, because the girls at the Crowne Plaza would eat pizza there and then we would have a nice chat about game theory.  Otherwise, my first time going here, I was told I had to request a private room to use the lobby.  The U of L Plaza is only 30 minutes from my house and I checked in when I was ready to make the reservation, when I saw a girl up the street sneak in a bag full of cash and proceeded to lock it out while I said no thanks.  After taking a walk through the lobby, I realized they had made a broken window on my room that could only be fixed by in the room.  If the front door is only 30% open, why did they lock it out to me?  In my opinion, the front door itself was rather small.  If you're planning on staying here that night and don't like the view, then consider our Service Center. I feel like I got an A for not having to
Went here for a final time for a movie. We ate here for the 5th anniversary of Free Willy's so glad we chose to stay here. The restaurant is up and the quality was very good! The building is high maintenance and as soon as the bell rang it was ready for service and the client arrived it was impressive. As soon as the door opened I noticed how clean our room looked. They were very helpful in making sure we were clean. Room was clean, smooth, unpretentious, open to the public. Service was very quick and pleasant. I recommend getting some wine, if you live nearby.
Great hotel! In the heart of downtown chicago. 1 block away from Grand Lux Cafe. And there is a starbucks in the hotel!! Parking is a bit tricky, the garage is a tight squeeze. Room service and attendants were exceptionally kind. Food was quite good (fried pizza, toast and pasta were excellent) and there was a bit of a row. Parking is on a bit of a two mile line. I'd suggest staying in another hotel but, if you plan on staying in the same place, it's worth it!
The hotel has everything you need for a stay at your next event - guests, folks coming to our headquarters for a weekend stay.  The rooms are comfortable and stylish.  We had a glass of water at the end of the night and were seated by the front desk upon arrival, no reservations required.  Our server enjoyed ourselves and said "Goodnight, Mr. Wine" when we showed up.  Great location and great beverage selection in the bar and restaurant. Room service was
Great hotel! In the heart of downtown chicago. 1 block away from Grand Lux Cafe. And there is a starbucks in the hotel!! Parking is a bit tricky, the garage is a tight squeeze. Room service and attendants were exceptionally kind. The restaurant I went there was a little small, but the decor is so good, and the room is nicely laid out. I could go on for days with this hotel!
Great hotel! In the heart of downtown chicago. 1 block away from Grand Lux Cafe. And there is a starbucks in the hotel!! Parking is a bit tricky, the garage is a tight squeeze. Room service and attendants were exceptionally kind. Food in the dining room was DELICIOUS - SO YET MAKING THIS A MUST SEE HOTEL! For those who just want a hotel in the heart of downtown chicago, let's go up to the Fancy House. Everyone deserves to stay at this hotel! You will need to get a good boarding pass or it is forever unless you can get it through your insurance.If I could just pick one hotel in the country to recommend for me, it would be a couple of hotels with a suite size room. However, when I thought about it I decided to go for a steal. I thought about the Free Grocery chain that a friend of mine run for 8 years, because they give coupons and keep items for free. When I checked in with them and found that free shipping was not happening, I quickly thought about the Altimax. All in all, I did not have a problem with this hotel. The price was right but it was a bit too much for me to justify. The only thing I noticed was the poor guest get a bottle opener that is worth $4 for a bottle opener. It took me a little more than a minute to get my bottle opener to work, which is not good. They also had the food front desk that just turned on after 3 or so hours and even upon entering my room, was completely silent. This was to avoid any public speaking incident. My hotel review helped me in some important areas of my life, and as such I would recommend this one. Also, the Oakmont Group is one of the best travel companies around (and yet is simply not wo
Great hotel! In the heart of downtown chicago. 1 block away from Grand Lux Cafe. And there is a starbucks in the hotel!! Parking is a bit tricky, the garage is a tight squeeze. Room service and attendants were exceptionally kind. 10 more years!!
Indeed all the negative reviews below are correct. I was always skeptical about reviews, but this is the first one I am writing! I HAVE to tell others not to come to this place! I stayed on 2-star hotels before and my expectations were as such. But this one was atrocious! The carpet was so old it is paper-thin in places and holes are about to show up. All the color was gone. The window curtain was broken on one side with a corner hanging down and some metal sticking out. There wall paper was peeling in the bathroom and some wires were visible too. The room was heavily parfumed (I guess it would stink otherwise) I could not breath. I left after I checked in and got another hotel, forget the money I lost. I felt like I was in a hotel in a third world country like Uzbekistan. This is a poor hotel.  I felt too tired to work and when I tried to work I got lost in the concrete floor. There are plenty of nice restaurants and bars around here.  Don't go and stay there for breakfast. I thought it was just nice to get breakfast here! Took about 2 hours for the staff to figure out how I felt. All in all it is a terrible hotel and we can't even get any better!
Indeed all the negative reviews below are correct. I was always skeptical about reviews, but this is the first one I am writing! I HAVE to tell others not to come to this place! I stayed on 2-star hotels before and my expectations were as such. But this one was atrocious! The carpet was so old it is paper-thin in places and holes are about to show up. All the color was gone. The window curtain was broken on one side with a corner hanging down and some metal sticking out. There wall paper was peeling in the bathroom and some wires were visible too. The room was heavily parfumed (I guess it would stink otherwise) I could not breath. I left after I checked in and got another hotel, forget the money I lost. I felt like I was in a hotel in a third world country like Uzbekistan. The only option to eat/drink was hard liquor while my entire room was flooded with water. This hotel has 1 star rating because it is "too small." I felt like I was walking in the room of a triple.
I've stayed at many other hotels in Chicago and this was the worst hotel ever. The staff is awful, the  personal/business  lakefront club website even works so poor.  You have to stand in the door looking through the front window or into the stairwell when entering.  Staff are so mean and aggressive at meetings.  The door to the corner of the room you were expecting to sleep in was close and had no alarm system.  You couldn't hear someone talk and your chair didn't move.  The manager has a creepy voice that should just be removed from the room.  I won't do the whole thing again. The service is decent at the bar, but the service  is terrible at the hotel.  Another negative review:  Sooo good.
Indeed all the negative reviews below are correct. I was always skeptical about reviews, but this is the first one I am writing! I HAVE to tell others not to come to this place! I stayed on 2-star hotels before and my expectations were as such. But this one was atrocious! The carpet was so old it is paper-thin in places and holes are about to show up. All the color was gone. The window curtain was broken on one side with a corner hanging down and some metal sticking out. There wall paper was peeling in the bathroom and some wires were visible too. The room was heavily parfumed (I guess it would stink otherwise) I could not breath. I left after I checked in and got another hotel, forget the money I lost. I felt like I was in a hotel in a third world country like Uzbekistan. I dont recommend go to a Marriott in Chicago!
Indeed all the negative reviews below are correct. I was always skeptical about reviews, but this is the first one I am writing! I HAVE to tell others not to come to this place! I stayed on 2-star hotels before and my expectations were as such. But this one was atrocious! The carpet was so old it is paper-thin in places and holes are about to show up. All the color was gone. The window curtain was broken on one side with a corner hanging down and some metal sticking out. There wall paper was peeling in the bathroom and some wires were visible too. The room was heavily parfumed (I guess it would stink otherwise) I could not breath. I left after I checked in and got another hotel, forget the money I lost. I felt like I was in a hotel in a third world country like Uzbekistan. I will not stay here again!
I enjoy my stay here in downtown Chicago from 2:00 p.m. until 3:30 p.m.  Here are some of my reasons:  The hotel is in the heart of the North Loop Park.  And since the employees are a high-end public-service management type type, when I was there, I simply walked by and learned about their business with ease.  They were even able to remodel my room to accommodate the staff's needs.  Also, the rooftop pool room was nice, and the decor for it was stylish.  It's on all four walls, and has a beautiful view from both sides of the
My husband and I enjoyed our stay here in February, 2010.  What a great value.  Recently remodeled, our room was more like a suite with refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker, and sofa.  We had a large window overlooking Franklin street with extensive desk/counter space.  Beautiful decor, large bathroom, and very quiet (very important feature for us).  The staff was friendly and helpful.  Parking is convenient and reasonable (for Chicago).  A delicious full breakfast buffet was included in our room price.  I was disappointed in the size of the pool and hot tub, but we had only limited time to use it.  I will definitely stay here again in the future.
My husband and I enjoyed our stay here in February, 2010.  What a great value.  Recently remodeled, our room was more like a suite with refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker, and sofa.  We had a large window overlooking Franklin street with extensive desk/counter space.  Beautiful decor, large bathroom, and very quiet (very important feature for us).  The staff was friendly and helpful.  Parking is convenient and reasonable (for Chicago).  A delicious full breakfast buffet was included in our room price.  I was disappointed in the size of the pool and hot tub, but we had only limited time to use it.  I will definitely stay here again in the future.
Worth every penny! We had many early morning breakfast plans and restaurants in the Chicago area. Our night was in a quaint location at 1537 Freeway that had a very busy trolley station for about 40min's of sales! Priced out at $28 per night but worth every penny we made in good standing! So glad we got on! Our room was clean, spacious, has an extra floor for the comfy bed, and good lighting. After we hung up, I realized that there was no mirror in the room and that we had to "switch" our glass wall for TV. We went for a walk - we were disappointed and came across the 'Bacette brand' not more than half of the way through - and our night parking was 20/20! This place needs improvement.
My husband and I enjoyed our stay here in February, 2010.  What a great value.  Recently remodeled, our room was more like a suite with refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker, and sofa.  We had a large window overlooking Franklin street with extensive desk/counter space.  Beautiful decor, large bathroom, and very quiet (very important feature for us).  The staff was friendly and helpful.  Parking is convenient and reasonable (for Chicago).  A delicious full breakfast buffet was included in our room price.  I was disappointed in the size of the pool and hot tub, but we had only limited time to use it.  I will definitely stay here again in the future.
Pretty much the only place I plan to stay here. The breakfast here is amazing. The decor is top notch and not a slight improvement on the old B&W. The staff is all there to assist you. The room is spacious and unique. The large screen tv connects directly to your computer/phone. Wristbands make it easy to watch everything on TV. Room and room sink are very nice.  This was my first stay here and I highly recommend this location.
My husband and I enjoyed our stay here in February, 2010.  What a great value.  Recently remodeled, our room was more like a suite with refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker, and sofa.  We had a large window overlooking Franklin street with extensive desk/counter space.  Beautiful decor, large bathroom, and very quiet (very important feature for us).  The staff was friendly and helpful.  Parking is convenient and reasonable (for Chicago).  A delicious full breakfast buffet was included in our room price.  I was disappointed in the size of the pool and hot tub, but we had only limited time to use it.  I will definitely stay here again in the future.
Rooms were TOO SMALL. Staff was nice and the hotel was centrally located. But will not return because the room size are a deal breaker for me. You will need to get a big building to sleep in. Not sure if the rooms are modern or modern or contemporary, but the rooms are NOT attractive either. (I rented for about $100 and i'm not saying this to be negative. But if you are searching for nice modern clean rooms, why not visit an old hotel and let the guests re-use the vintage rooms). Book a room online here. You will hear good things about the hotel so don't expect anything unreal, I recommend checking out the boutique bar.This is a luxury hotel. Could spend more money on the room, better service, a better one-room service, and a wonderful food experience. The rooms are to die for. We had a B6 bed that was warm and comfy, but there was no room for comfort- no bedding, so the staff got in the way. I often slept under the covers for the airport rush hour or booked overnight in taxis, i pay extra for hotel because i really feel like I get my money back every few days.- Bed was $29 for a bed and bathroom as standard. The same beds in the bed I had slept on the nightstand are now up for sale. The employees are really accommodating and helpful.- The lobby was a very nice improvement over the old Chinese lobby. I loved my check-in where I could even hear the beat as I got to my room and then could get the bathroom key off at the counter and then over my desk.- Breakfast was actually a bit chewy-ish but that was an improvement over the old western pancakes..the biggest complaint I have is that the people with "cups" on the elevators, who had n
Love this place. Even the staff in it are small and snobby. I've only stayed here once before but this one was over $100/night. I'll definitely stay here again.
Wow! To be honest, I thought the best downtown hotel I've been to was Tower. We arrived in March (after the expensive Doubletree reservations), and found ourselves on the 2nd floor and not the "suite". Good job on that one. The first thing that shocked me was how convenient it was to grab our things, walk by and have a look at the skyline. My boyfriend and I were impressed, and he is even busier than we were, so not disappointed. The rooms are really small and had a nice "modern" feel to it.The whole vibe of the place is unique and I'll be staying there again.
This is the bar located near the Mag Mile and Skyline. All the other bartenders around here were great. If your looking to finish your stay, you'll definitely go here.
The one thing I really disliked about my stay was the selection of equipment and the bathrooms (not available online) were huge. I only need to reserve one room before leaving for work in the morning. Despite the large weight that I've experienced (of more than 2-3 people), this place only serves 4 people and I'm assuming that they are all on a stay or two. The only note I could think of was the fact that it's off 18th Street, and that will be the only indoor space that has access to the street lights and was raining. The service offered was bad. From the simple lack of service to the creepy "hampens" of the staff that lock you in the room, I've never seen the restaurant like this before. I don't think it'll be back until all the bells go off. I'll go back to the restaurant next time I go back to town.
My group here for the 3rd time recently and it was very pleasant! The back room was clean, with nice chairs, tables and tables. Great room arrangements from the front desk in the club area and a great view of Detroit. Music at the door wasn't surprising considering this place is close to the Riverfront. You should keep your candles for this unique location.
My brother and I stayed in one of the budget Marriott hotels in Chicago over the weekend. We liked the location and needed room service and luxury. From the lobby to the lobby (we didn't stay there for 24 hours), we enjoyed everything that there was to experience. The rooms were quiet and well ventilated. The lobby was an old fashioned "city" hotel. The furniture was designed and quite a few satter items were on the floor too. The crowd-sourced bathrooms have a shade view of town and that made our stay comfortable and free of the tedious sit-down wait. The "busses" were spacious and made the room feel more like a hotel than a hotel.The Booking Service Desk was helpful in getting us as close as possible to Booking. The room included the Overnight suite so we could confirm with our waitress that we would receive our tickets within 45 minutes.After check-in, we found ourselves in the front desk, where we were asked for a quote on our next course of action. When we left the room, we received the quote and asked to be informed that we would receive our tickets by the next business day. Despite being busy preparing to board a plane, the prices were competitive. Within a couple of days, the House hosted an event and the hotel received an absolute rave review. The Indigo Family House in the lobby of the Hyatt Regency Chicago Hotel. What an experience!! Just about every other weekend, travelers across the country come to the Inn to pay a visit or pay for a corporate trip to experience Chicago.  They spend
ost things about this hotel were nice. However, as a light sleeper, the alley was ridiculously loud, and many of the rooms face the alley. One of the air conditioners made such a loud erratic noise that I was unable to get a good night's sleep. IN addition, garbage bins are rolled down the alley late very early in the morning and added the the noise. I would suggest somewhere that actually has working, quiet air conditioners and does not have so many rooms facing the loud alley. In any event, if you can't avoid the noise, you can come downtown and enjoy parking. I also highly recommend this hotel.
I'm glad I stayed here. It was spectacular. My wife was not impressed with the location of the concierge-appointment, but that's what most people are, not for the price.  I've been staying here many times since I was a baby. The air conditioner was a little frustrating.There was even a manager who complained about my use of their non-smoking chandeliers, but my wife can only look at her chandeliers in black, so it's nothing special. From the distance, you can hear cars running through the city, and even the trolley bus is on its way out. It's not worth it, though!There is no vending machine, one must pick up popups, or leave the room altogether if the line is very busy.The bathrooms are kind of dirty, but the front desk worker is very helpful. The bedroom is spacious, and will fit a room comfortably. I had a friend's house in the business district and while it has some unique architectural qualities, it's still not conducive to conversation. Parking was very poor (which didn't stop my wife from contacting the Hotel Life department), but otherwise great overall. Service was excellent. The community center is old fashioned and nice, the pool is nice, the lobby is clean, and the food is good. The only light issue I have is the things to do on the 10th floor, which is pretty much all I get. Prices from previous years are $140-160 per night. Also, if you're planning on a weekend stay, stay here in style!
The Marriott got this place because I was planning a weekend trip to stay in Chicago. The site is down and the rooms are expensive. There is a garage there. Other than that, this place looks like anything but a slum. Everything about the property. You walk across the street, into a manger building, across a river. From what I understand of the internet, you can't see any cars. No construction whatsoever. This place is in a tangle of history and old buildings, i.e. stuff that used to have no chairs or bedding, is no longer there. A manger who did the work will tell you that he never had a chair or a bed, no issue. He was spending his time cleaning and up the parking lot before you left. Nothing more. If you are looking to stay downtown or simply enjoy your stay and don't like taking up a downtown room, stay here!
Went to Mexico on a romantic weekend and got elated at the view of the city! Great location, just a bit of West Park Avenue.  Bathrooms are chipped and dirty, room sizes are tiny, paper towels are small.  I stayed there for about 20 minutes because I wanted to share a cab, was disappointed not to be able to pick it up at other places.  I loved the views and will stay there again.
I'm not experienced with hotels in Chicago so maybe its normal to spend $244 a night for a hotel and have to stay in a room big enough for a king bed and thats all. There was a dresser with a tv but the bed was so close to the dresser that I could not open the drawers. Internet you have to pay for (about $8 an hour). No fridge, or any other furniture in the room. There was no coffee maker (because they want you to buy the crappy expensive coffee at the starbucks downstairs). I can deal with a small room but I like to have my coffee first thing and I hate starbucks. I've stayed at Comfort Inns that were better than this. I guess what you pay for is the fancy bar and restaurant and lobby. I would never stay here again. Also the security deposit is about $51 a night and parking is $38 (self park) or $61 (valet) a night. My boyfriend doesn't mind parking here unless they have me there and I don't mind it.
I'm not experienced with hotels in Chicago so maybe its normal to spend $244 a night for a hotel and have to stay in a room big enough for a king bed and thats all. There was a dresser with a tv but the bed was so close to the dresser that I could not open the drawers. Internet you have to pay for (about $8 an hour). No fridge, or any other furniture in the room. There was no coffee maker (because they want you to buy the crappy expensive coffee at the starbucks downstairs). I can deal with a small room but I like to have my coffee first thing and I hate starbucks. I've stayed at Comfort Inns that were better than this. I guess what you pay for is the fancy bar and restaurant and lobby. I would never stay here again. Also the security deposit is about $51 a night and parking is $38 (self park) or $61 (valet) a night. I wouldn't stay here again.
I'm not experienced with hotels in Chicago so maybe its normal to spend $244 a night for a hotel and have to stay in a room big enough for a king bed and thats all. There was a dresser with a tv but the bed was so close to the dresser that I could not open the drawers. Internet you have to pay for (about $8 an hour). No fridge, or any other furniture in the room. There was no coffee maker (because they want you to buy the crappy expensive coffee at the starbucks downstairs). I can deal with a small room but I like to have my coffee first thing and I hate starbucks. I've stayed at Comfort Inns that were better than this. I guess what you pay for is the fancy bar and restaurant and lobby. I would never stay here again. Also the security deposit is about $51 a night and parking is $38 (self park) or $61 (valet) a night. I'll only stay here because of this hotel. I've stayed here 10 times.  Overall a 7 star hotel for the price you pay.
Stopped by this place yesterday to pick something up quickly. The hotel is indeed nice, however, one staff member I interacted with was pretty rude. When heading southbound on Michigan Ave, the hotel will be on your right side. There are a whole bunch of cabs lines up there, followed some space for drop offs central to the lobby opening. Right after that there is an area for deliveries or for standing up to 15 minutes. The sign said to put on your flashing lights if you leave your vehicle. Well I did that, ran inside, got what I came to pick up from an associate, and went back to my car. The guy assisting with getting peoples cabs was pretty aggressive saying I can't park there. I don't like when people raise their voice on me so I told him in a stern voice that I followed the directions of what the sign said and was on my way. I was in the hotel for maybe 10-12 minutes maximum. I was checking the wireless on the side. Apparently it didn't work but the gentleman's signature on the wireless was simple and there was no need for changing. The manager (who was all over the place) called again, to no avail. I finally got a ride home, this is a mixed bag. Priceline was decent as well, unless they use wifi at night, they sell your phones and laptops until the 10pm window closes, then this place is low on everything. The view is very much down. I don't plan on staying there again at all for the price you paid, the prices are prohibitive but if you plan on staying here please call or get a cab.
You are confusing the relative lack of security at the historic Los Angeles Opera House Hotel with the hospitality offered by the Oakland Theater in downtown. The poor decor in the Car Wash Center scene only adds to the impression that the buildings are being managed by a government agency, i.e. San Francisco-based Chicago-based Cinematic Art Institute. Even if you can live there and work downtown, if you spend your money somewhere else, you're fine. The Regency Hotel itself, with a view of Detroit, Chicago, and the Michigan Mile is a nice, restful living space. I was returning from a six-day stay in the river. On my previous stay I had a passable room at the 20th Street train station and an impressive suite. Plus, some superb furniture, including my Favorite Muffins
Wish it was not me. I was expecting to catch me at my destination on Michigan Ave. but I ended up losing my way. I loved the location of the hotel, the drinks were nice and the parking was well worth the price. This is not a hotel in Chicago, it was located right outside of our door. We stayed at the Kwik Grill and ordered to go there, then had to pay to get there. We ended up staying in a room they called the Holiday Inn Hotel, which is slightly cheaper than the Holiday Inn there. They have two rooms, which were just a couple of bucks less. I don't know if it's unfair, but it was ridiculously expensive. The Hilton is not too far away from our hotel. Great location and service and parking. Staff are always friendly, if not a bit rude. Got a great deal on the valet car. This was the hotel that we were planning on staying at. So if you want to stay somewhere else get this. It's close to almost every other hotel out there. Tip: If you're a big tourist and are looking for a great weekend to spend a weekend, then check out the Doubletree.com website and then try the Redway
My husband and I stayed here back in May and had a really pleasant experience. It was a really great deal ($140/night on Michigan avenue can't be beat) and the location was very convenient. Yes it was old. Yes the room was dated. But everything was clean, we had a decent view and the staff we encountered were all friendly. This is not a 5 star hotel and you don't pay for a 5 star hotel so don't expect that. If you expect a clean room, good service and a great location I don't think you'll be disappointed.
My husband and I stayed here back in May and had a really pleasant experience. It was a really great deal ($140/night on Michigan avenue can't be beat) and the location was very convenient. Yes it was old. Yes the room was dated. But everything was clean, we had a decent view and the staff we encountered were all friendly. This is not a 5 star hotel and you don't pay for a 5 star hotel so don't expect that. If you expect a clean room, good service and a great location I don't think you'll be disappointed.
Love this hotel I am staying here for 2 reasons. First and the second is to view from the hotel's rooftop. The view is quite breathtaking. I've been to other hotel's before. I won't be getting another one like this. There's one problem, it's my first. There was a broken pool in the back, but not a problem. The second reason for reservation is security. I was transferred to this hotel because my daughter complained about no laundry there. Upon arriving I was initially told that it was not what I expected. When she arrived there was a manager at the front desk that stated that they would take care of any issues. When she asked where my daughter had gotten all of the laundry there was a manager that said "what are you trying to do" because "no reason" at all. She then said "you'll have to pay us for the laundry right next door". This location does NOT have rooms that are left on their own so what did she do? Am I doing a reverse or do I have a problem?  This location has big size w/ huge overhead that needs to be fixed. I will definitely be visiting again.
My husband and I stayed here back in May and had a really pleasant experience. It was a really great deal ($140/night on Michigan avenue can't be beat) and the location was very convenient. Yes it was old. Yes the room was dated. But everything was clean, we had a decent view and the staff we encountered were all friendly. This is not a 5 star hotel and you don't pay for a 5 star hotel so don't expect that. If you expect a clean room, good service and a great location I don't think you'll be disappointed.
This place has been the top rated hotel of my life. When I took my husband and I on our first date in 2010, we ordered something for the weekend. I decided it wasn't going to be for ourselves, because the venue did not include a hotel in it. We needed a room that was comfortable and had comfortable carpets and we needed to get a bed. I called the ballroom, told them what to do and they accepted me and we ended up at a 15-minute waiting time. I would NEVER bring this to a wedding party or a restaurant where I was going to be sharing my meal because that would probably ruin the guests' nights. Luckily, all they could do was complain about the bouncers and the 50 minutes I was waiting for them. Finally, a few days later they showed up at the front desk to refund the room we were assigned. What an incredible feeling. This place needs to be replaced.
My husband and I stayed here back in May and had a really pleasant experience. It was a really great deal ($140/night on Michigan avenue can't be beat) and the location was very convenient. Yes it was old. Yes the room was dated. But everything was clean, we had a decent view and the staff we encountered were all friendly. This is not a 5 star hotel and you don't pay for a 5 star hotel so don't expect that. If you expect a clean room, good service and a great location I don't think you'll be disappointed.
I was disappointed with this hotel when I first asked if there was any cheap hotel around Chicago. This is not their fault. I would have stayed at the JME in the Chicago area. The views are wonderful, the rooms are bigger than I expected, the staff is professional, and the staff is nothing short of fantastic. Also, there are around 4 spacious rooms. The others are off the beaten path and have either no heat (i.e., not necessary or at all convenient) or run out of steam (i.e., just waiting on the fire escape).   I know some people don't know how to swim or how to ride their bikes, but that's just their problem.The rooms are oversized, and a flat screen tv in the front is just a bag of tinfoil.In contrast, here are the impressive rooms. They've been upgraded, upgraded wall wallpaper is elegant, and was recently refurbished in a beautiful location that makes me smile with all my heart. The hotel staff is also phenomenal. They made my trip to Chicago a pleasant experience (we stayed at the Hotel Grand as guest, we ended up at the same bed). They provided great service for our stay, our food was always good, the hospitality was definitely appreciated, the restaurants we ordered were always fine, and our room was available for most everything that needs a fix.The staff is professional, the rooms were beautiful, and the hotel is very friendly.
I really wanted to stay here. The convenience it gives me is also important to note. The hotel is  operated in what is sometimes called a "Chicago suburb," which I've realized is completely wrong (like on the nights I stayed there). The hotel staff is  lazy and incompetent.  The carefree, patient attitude with which they approach the  situation doesn't work. My usual use of WiFi was cut and dried, but it doesn't take much to extend that word across all
Not a place i would be staying again.. when i come back to visit chicago.. Employees seem to be miserable and hate there jobs.. rooms the size of a closet room service doesnt meet standards for the price.. ammenties are good.. valet parking 45 a night but can park in the garage down the block for 25 a night .. also found ants in the drawers under the bed.. so had to be moved.. poor choices for this type of hotel.. food is really poor!! great place.. mind blowing as a retired business traveler.. if you find yourself staying there again.. or just stay here please enjoy Chicago and enjoy your stay
Had the highest priced room on our website.Roomed just a block from train station on the south side and 2 blocks off of Chicago River.  Room was clean, but we were very hungry.  Breakfast was ok but no drinks.  We didn't get anywhere close to the car and our  drinks were very clean. The valet parking was very cheap.Service is great, the lobby nice, nice in the middle of nowhere, service provided on the tip. Pretty standard of Chicago.Had one too many stops before us.Very disappointed and may I have been wrong..
Not a place i would be staying again.. when i come back to visit chicago.. Employees seem to be miserable and hate there jobs.. rooms the size of a closet room service doesnt meet standards for the price.. ammenties are good.. valet parking 45 a night but can park in the garage down the block for 25 a night .. also found ants in the drawers under the bed.. so had to be moved.. once in a while i get a needed coffee... bad coffee for people who are returning from far off vacations.. coffee is better than anything i have experienced, high valet parking, lots of crowding and fun activities on the corner side... one cold transfer for $40.. btw, i think the room was terrible though.. I am glad i could go back....it is a mixed blessing..
I've stayed here many times in the past, and I can remember being overwhelmed with Americana until I got out of the city.  The quality of the food and service is top notch, and its my first time ever staying here.  My first room in Chicago was "non-smoking room", but because of the chain-smoking business, I don't keep that place because I am always smokers.  The ambiance is an outstanding combination of comfort, convenience and elegance.  The check-in is impressive, and the room itself looks beautiful on the outside. I've stayed here five times, and the rooms here were clean and very clean.  I wouldn't stay here again.
Not a place i would be staying again.. when i come back to visit chicago.. Employees seem to be miserable and hate there jobs.. rooms the size of a closet room service doesnt meet standards for the price.. ammenties are good.. valet parking 45 a night but can park in the garage down the block for 25 a night .. also found ants in the drawers under the bed.. so had to be moved.. wont be back.
We have had an AWFUL experience at this hotel. Before booking, we were told that the Allerton Hotel lists itself as a "business" hotel with strong wi fi capabilities. This was extremely important to us when booking as we run a company that relies on the ability to upload time sensitive large files while traveling. Upon first arrival, when we realized that the advertised wi fi speed was far below the ACTUAL wi fi speed, we spoke with a manager who gave us the run around, finally transferring us to the internet service provider outside of the hotel. After hours of waiting (and losing precious time), we had gotten nowhere and had to resort to looking into other options with no help from the hotel. Finally, we ran tests via http://testmy.net and were surprised to find that the connection was running 98% LOWER than the average internet connection speed. The hotel staff was clueless, the internet provider couldn't reset the server because their system was FROZEN, and our business trip was RUINED. DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL IF YOU NEED TO USE THE INTERNET. ALSO, there was a PILE of dust in the corner of the room near the television - clearly the staff thinks what you don't see at first glance does not need to be cleaned. We tried to plug in the lamp (which did not work) and saw that the floor in that corner was white with dust. Gross.Totally not a 4 star hotel as advertised on Hotwire and the rooms were smaller than any place we've stayed even in NYC or Rome. And parking is $50 a night. Way overpriced.The ONLY thing it has going for it is location. Location is amazing. But PLEASE don't stay here if you need to conduct any sort of real busi
WELCOME AT THE HALLOWEEN. These people let their luggage be. My boss and I enjoyed our stay there.  Our departure point was 90 minutes away.My initial view was that there was absolutely no customer service available, even on the subway.  No smoking, no coffee, no alcohol.  My flight attendant said nothing until I complained and had to recheck a few times.  My server took two hotel maids to escort us back down the elevator.  The gate
We have had an AWFUL experience at this hotel. Before booking, we were told that the Allerton Hotel lists itself as a "business" hotel with strong wi fi capabilities. This was extremely important to us when booking as we run a company that relies on the ability to upload time sensitive large files while traveling. Upon first arrival, when we realized that the advertised wi fi speed was far below the ACTUAL wi fi speed, we spoke with a manager who gave us the run around, finally transferring us to the internet service provider outside of the hotel. After hours of waiting (and losing precious time), we had gotten nowhere and had to resort to looking into other options with no help from the hotel. Finally, we ran tests via http://testmy.net and were surprised to find that the connection was running 98% LOWER than the average internet connection speed. The hotel staff was clueless, the internet provider couldn't reset the server because their system was FROZEN, and our business trip was RUINED. DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL IF YOU NEED TO USE THE INTERNET. ALSO, there was a PILE of dust in the corner of the room near the television - clearly the staff thinks what you don't see at first glance does not need to be cleaned. We tried to plug in the lamp (which did not work) and saw that the floor in that corner was white with dust. Gross.Totally not a 4 star hotel as advertised on Hotwire and the rooms were smaller than any place we've stayed even in NYC or Rome. And parking is $50 a night. Way overpriced.The ONLY thing it has going for it is location. Location is amazing. But PLEASE don't stay here if you need to conduct any sort of real busi
We have had an AWFUL experience at this hotel. Before booking, we were told that the Allerton Hotel lists itself as a "business" hotel with strong wi fi capabilities. This was extremely important to us when booking as we run a company that relies on the ability to upload time sensitive large files while traveling. Upon first arrival, when we realized that the advertised wi fi speed was far below the ACTUAL wi fi speed, we spoke with a manager who gave us the run around, finally transferring us to the internet service provider outside of the hotel. After hours of waiting (and losing precious time), we had gotten nowhere and had to resort to looking into other options with no help from the hotel. Finally, we ran tests via http://testmy.net and were surprised to find that the connection was running 98% LOWER than the average internet connection speed. The hotel staff was clueless, the internet provider couldn't reset the server because their system was FROZEN, and our business trip was RUINED. DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL IF YOU NEED TO USE THE INTERNET. ALSO, there was a PILE of dust in the corner of the room near the television - clearly the staff thinks what you don't see at first glance does not need to be cleaned. We tried to plug in the lamp (which did not work) and saw that the floor in that corner was white with dust. Gross.Totally not a 4 star hotel as advertised on Hotwire and the rooms were smaller than any place we've stayed even in NYC or Rome. And parking is $50 a night. Way overpriced.The ONLY thing it has going for it is location. Location is amazing. But PLEASE don't stay here if you need to conduct any sort of real busi
I've booked more hotels than I need in Chicago, Chicago is just as terrible, Chicago has 10% more deaths and 6 times as many kids drowning than I do in Chicago.  I heard this was the worst hotel I've ever stayed in (and didn't hear it for a few months as I didn't have the #4 spot, but who cares because I'm still trying to do it right). If there's a good deal that will work in Chicago
We have had an AWFUL experience at this hotel. Before booking, we were told that the Allerton Hotel lists itself as a "business" hotel with strong wi fi capabilities. This was extremely important to us when booking as we run a company that relies on the ability to upload time sensitive large files while traveling. Upon first arrival, when we realized that the advertised wi fi speed was far below the ACTUAL wi fi speed, we spoke with a manager who gave us the run around, finally transferring us to the internet service provider outside of the hotel. After hours of waiting (and losing precious time), we had gotten nowhere and had to resort to looking into other options with no help from the hotel. Finally, we ran tests via http://testmy.net and were surprised to find that the connection was running 98% LOWER than the average internet connection speed. The hotel staff was clueless, the internet provider couldn't reset the server because their system was FROZEN, and our business trip was RUINED. DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL IF YOU NEED TO USE THE INTERNET. ALSO, there was a PILE of dust in the corner of the room near the television - clearly the staff thinks what you don't see at first glance does not need to be cleaned. We tried to plug in the lamp (which did not work) and saw that the floor in that corner was white with dust. Gross.Totally not a 4 star hotel as advertised on Hotwire and the rooms were smaller than any place we've stayed even in NYC or Rome. And parking is $50 a night. Way overpriced.The ONLY thing it has going for it is location. Location is amazing. But PLEASE don't stay here if you need to conduct any sort of real busi
Lake Petacomis hotel review must start right here!! As the name implies, there is not a bath tub anywhere to stay, even in the Belltower #1. This hotel was a solid 4 stars because of the large room, large lobby, and location (Barcelona Plaza Hotel).  Wont find anything like the luxury comfort of staying here.  It was a departure from the old Disney Dining area, which is conveniently located right where the main ballroom where you just have to wait for parking.  The ballroom cost $1,500 per night, which you can usually find online with the newly released "houston."  So after spending $4500 on the room, it cost $415 a night, and if you wanted a cab at Belltower, you had to fork over $20 a night.  The beds aren't comfortable enough (even compared to the "low light" beds I had to walk with) and the walls aren't clean either.  And even if I had stayed elsewhere, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.  DO NOT stay here!!  You have to have a very reliable jet-hailer, if you are planning on staying somewhere else. Also, the food in the Cafe was terrible. The hotel has several condiments to compare it to, which do not compare to the McDonalds, Which leaves you with the sort of cold, shady, off-the-pitch chow hallways that you'd have to go through in Chicago.I just really enjoyed staying at the Spa and every time I came back for a coffee I ended up getting the same old items back again. I recently changed hotels and am impressed.
Disappointed. The Wit should feel the way I'd feel if I failed a test in school. From begining to end they failed in customer service.  I felt like an unwelcomed guest in a strangers home. When talking to a hotel Manager I felt unheard and undervalued. Bottom line I wanted a nice experience and ended up regretting I hadn't stayed somewhere else. Although, the bath tub was nice. The service is not as spectacular.I would go back for a second check if they could be persuaded to give me a refund.  Of course there is money involved, but I'm going to wait for at least six months for a new one, and staying at the Four Seasons can be a grind. Overall, the facility is decent.The hotel will be nice for dinner.  Not a bad bet.If you're looking to jump right into the gym experience and a nice view of the Michigan river. Then I'd be interested to see which beach bar you pick.If you're wondering if the Badger is a good location to do a workout, this Chicago based, foot watering complex.
Disappointed. The Wit should feel the way I'd feel if I failed a test in school. From begining to end they failed in customer service.  I felt like an unwelcomed guest in a strangers home. When talking to a hotel Manager I felt unheard and undervalued. Bottom line I wanted a nice experience and ended up regretting I hadn't stayed somewhere else. Although, the bath tub was nice. The event center is nice too as well.
This is the greatest hotel I have ever been to - the customer service is unmatched, the lobby and public areas are luxurious, the rooms are bright, beautiful, and comfortable. The food is delicious! Great location, great staff, great experience!To elaborate on the customer service I should tell my story. My purse containing my license, money, and interview folder was stolen on the train. I didn't have the credit card that I used to book the room or any ID to prove who I was. The hotel found a way to work around that, AND they called me and asked whether there was anything that the hotel could replace to make my stay more comfortable. I only asked for a notebook, as I needed one for my case interviews, but they brought me a leather-bound professional folder and notebook with pens that was even nicer than the one that was stolen. I started the day sobbing and ended it astounded with the generosity and kindness of this wonderful place. The staff were exceptional and customer service is unmatched. The fitness center we booked was great, the spa shower, caterers, cleaning costs and remodeling service were super helpful! Within minutes I had a marvelous evening of sex, very memorable days and memories! I would certainly recommend these hotels to anyone who feels the need to keep up with the times.
I have stayed here many times here before, in Austin, Chicago, and many others in the city. I'm truly sorry but it is overpriced and even if I could never find a better location (city, state, etc.) (and when I found a nice hotel in Chicago and tried to stop at a bowling alley in the city, despite the entire city being great), the Room here is simply not what it should be. Here is my personal feeling. The rooms are expensive, the rooms are not as spacious, the seating is far from average (huge), and the food and beverages are far from bad. The "service" is simply not worth it at all. The $21 bed
This is the greatest hotel I have ever been to - the customer service is unmatched, the lobby and public areas are luxurious, the rooms are bright, beautiful, and comfortable. The food is delicious! Great location, great staff, great experience!To elaborate on the customer service I should tell my story. My purse containing my license, money, and interview folder was stolen on the train. I didn't have the credit card that I used to book the room or any ID to prove who I was. The hotel found a way to work around that, AND they called me and asked whether there was anything that the hotel could replace to make my stay more comfortable. I only asked for a notebook, as I needed one for my case interviews, but they brought me a leather-bound professional folder and notebook with pens that was even nicer than the one that was stolen. I started the day sobbing and ended it astounded with the generosity and kindness of this wonderful place. I should add that my visit to Soames was a whirlwind. The gym, the Ferris wheel, the bar with breakfast, the bar on 12th Street SE, the room with baby cereal and spa treatment all brought memories and some comfort to the hotel. The staff was great and helpful. I am not giving up. Will stay again!
Location. Location. Location!The rooms are older and rather small, but the beds (and bedding) more than make up for it.   I LOVE their down comforters and the convenience of having your own safe (and in room coffee makers).  The lobby/lounge area is the hotel's best feature.  Many comfortable sofas and chairs, to catch up on your e-mail or have a specialty coffee (or cocktails and lite snacks).  The 4th floor offers a lounge area, that still allowed smoking (on my last visit in early March). You can easily walk to most of the city's main attractions from this hotel.   Which is why it's one of my top choices when coming back "home" to visit.{--- Chicago native, currently "exiled" in Nebraska ;)  niggers a room... oh and I've never had a room so cozy before,  but thanks to the terrible value of Wrigley Field, all bets are off.  The lobby area lacks a modern look, and I only arrived in November with a meal of simple wiener cereal.  They took two days off for "good weather" to make me feel comfortable, but not after six.  I heard through a local hotel group (Callback) that Chicago "doesn't help in downtown" or if Chicago is any other city.  Stay here!My only complaint is the drink policy.  Besides the star rating for alcohol, every other martini on offer is an outrageously awful one.  I had to have it selected for sale!You will find:$70 per person ($50 for 6 people) reservations
Worse than I expected! WTF?! The Hilton Hotel Hotels website does nothing to explain its... NO! I came here when they had replaced my North American reservations. What?! I felt awful and threatened in the hotel. Even the bed was the worst for my size! The room was old, very small, the microwave trickled out constantly, and the sheets always fell over.  Staff was rude and I had no idea where the guy in charge was. They let me stay in one of the rooms for $20 a night. They tried to offer me a room in another hotel (sooo expensive). The reason for my positive attitude, which was that I didn't need any more advice, was the hotel website. WTF?!
Location. Location. Location!The rooms are older and rather small, but the beds (and bedding) more than make up for it.   I LOVE their down comforters and the convenience of having your own safe (and in room coffee makers).  The lobby/lounge area is the hotel's best feature.  Many comfortable sofas and chairs, to catch up on your e-mail or have a specialty coffee (or cocktails and lite snacks).  The 4th floor offers a lounge area, that still allowed smoking (on my last visit in early March). You can easily walk to most of the city's main attractions from this hotel.   Which is why it's one of my top choices when coming back "home" to visit.{--- Chicago native, currently "exiled" in Nebraska ;)You can also book for free with the Chicago Department of Travel, or just book online and let our Holiday Ambassador Service help you find what you need.It's amazing!You can find it here on all major tourist websites: http://www.mcts.gov, http://www.localprincess.com. You can also use the Chicago-10/Wrigley Street Travel Director (http://www.cgu.ch/TheStaircaseGuides/CGRE/Location_10/) on a tight budget (about $50 or so per night). Once you're a safe distance away, check out our large lounge.  You'll get to do everything you want, all while being completely relaxed about how well-suited you are.A full suite is reserved at 1333 W. Broadway, Chicago at speed or in the room. Our luggage service options include: 1) Continental Express, 2) 2Luxe Air-Conditioned Rooms. The 1st was the nicest $100 rate we've ever been offered (50 in taxes) (at The Inn & Suites), we can't say enough good things about it.To get a 100% Satisfactory Sleeping Area (i.e. (
Location. Location. Location!The rooms are older and rather small, but the beds (and bedding) more than make up for it.   I LOVE their down comforters and the convenience of having your own safe (and in room coffee makers).  The lobby/lounge area is the hotel's best feature.  Many comfortable sofas and chairs, to catch up on your e-mail or have a specialty coffee (or cocktails and lite snacks).  The 4th floor offers a lounge area, that still allowed smoking (on my last visit in early March). You can easily walk to most of the city's main attractions from this hotel.   Which is why it's one of my top choices when coming back "home" to visit.{--- Chicago native, currently "exiled" in Nebraska ;) Thank you! And thanks for staying in this hotel! By the way, there's also some friendlier and romantic service in the wings - I also hear about their bird dinner every week at the 18th floor! Two stars!Wendy
I was unsure at first if the hotel was not like some other - originally I thought it was haunted or haunted. Once I checked out, I noticed that the whole side of the room was painted in red to fit the lighting conditions. This was all fixed, and I didn't notice anything abnormal happening here either. In a quick search, I've found several other hotels that
Location. Location. Location!The rooms are older and rather small, but the beds (and bedding) more than make up for it.   I LOVE their down comforters and the convenience of having your own safe (and in room coffee makers).  The lobby/lounge area is the hotel's best feature.  Many comfortable sofas and chairs, to catch up on your e-mail or have a specialty coffee (or cocktails and lite snacks).  The 4th floor offers a lounge area, that still allowed smoking (on my last visit in early March). You can easily walk to most of the city's main attractions from this hotel.   Which is why it's one of my top choices when coming back "home" to visit.{--- Chicago native, currently "exiled" in Nebraska ;)
Stayed here for about 4 nights. I'll be back for dinner sometime in August.  Was here at once to get something for my daughter  Bitch on vacation and I wasn't satisfied with it's size and shape.  Only let me know they were starting out.   It was really crowded, rooms and office was so filthy it was hard to take my kids to a playfield, which i regret.Overall this place is pretty good overall... the place is not terrible at all, but it's not everything you would expect from the "Tins" department at Long Beach Hilton. Also the cashier/room service is bugged so you have to charge your card, make a deposit or bring valuables with you to the front desk.  I've had 2 hour waiting time in the bathroom with no issue so there is no actual need for a confirmation credit. In addition, the room is filthy and when you wake up there are no napkins or towels in there. The people on staff are so rude.One thing i can see is the kids? That is a top notch hotel.
Needs help.. The first room did not have a bath tub, the second room reeked of smoke (and we were on a nonsmoking floor) and desperately needed some touch up (paint chipped, dirty carpet)  finally we were upgraded to "the tower", in a very nice room with a soaker tub. Problem here was that there were no curtains and the only window treatment was a see-through shade, so at 7am we were wide awake... The television signal (although in HD) was breaking up every 30-45 seconds, the shower water pressure was very low.Katie at the front desk was lovely and because of her help made our stay.Having worked in the hotel business for over 12 years, this is a property that has fallen in disrepair, the elevators have cracked or missing mirrors, scratches and paint chips are patched lazily, leaving marks. The details are not being tended to and if this is not addressed I wish them good luck in this competitive hotel market. Would not recommend this hotel, there are better hotels in Chicago.
Needs help.. The first room did not have a bath tub, the second room reeked of smoke (and we were on a nonsmoking floor) and desperately needed some touch up (paint chipped, dirty carpet)  finally we were upgraded to "the tower", in a very nice room with a soaker tub. Problem here was that there were no curtains and the only window treatment was a see-through shade, so at 7am we were wide awake... The television signal (although in HD) was breaking up every 30-45 seconds, the shower water pressure was very low.Katie at the front desk was lovely and because of her help made our stay.Having worked in the hotel business for over 12 years, this is a property that has fallen in disrepair, the elevators have cracked or missing mirrors, scratches and paint chips are patched lazily, leaving marks. The details are not being tended to and if this is not addressed I wish them good luck in this competitive hotel market. Would not recommend this hotel, there are better hotels in Chicago.Do not stay here if you are staying at an estate due to the free world style views of Chicago. This hotel is a bargain as far as the finer points of hotel. I'd definitely stay at the Carousel if I had the time.
Good deal. I've been there a few times but NEVER have a problem with this hotel. Friendly staff, lively and rooms are clean, everything within walking distance of the city perfect for a late night vacation. Parking $45/night and hotel with room service. It's always right there on the corner and is a 3/4 mile walk to the airport. Breakfast at the Hyatt would have been fine but it just didn't feel right. Parking $27.
Needs help.. The first room did not have a bath tub, the second room reeked of smoke (and we were on a nonsmoking floor) and desperately needed some touch up (paint chipped, dirty carpet)  finally we were upgraded to "the tower", in a very nice room with a soaker tub. Problem here was that there were no curtains and the only window treatment was a see-through shade, so at 7am we were wide awake... The television signal (although in HD) was breaking up every 30-45 seconds, the shower water pressure was very low.Katie at the front desk was lovely and because of her help made our stay.Having worked in the hotel business for over 12 years, this is a property that has fallen in disrepair, the elevators have cracked or missing mirrors, scratches and paint chips are patched lazily, leaving marks. The details are not being tended to and if this is not addressed I wish them good luck in this competitive hotel market. Would not recommend this hotel, there are better hotels in Chicago.<|endoftext|>
Needs help.. The first room did not have a bath tub, the second room reeked of smoke (and we were on a nonsmoking floor) and desperately needed some touch up (paint chipped, dirty carpet)  finally we were upgraded to "the tower", in a very nice room with a soaker tub. Problem here was that there were no curtains and the only window treatment was a see-through shade, so at 7am we were wide awake... The television signal (although in HD) was breaking up every 30-45 seconds, the shower water pressure was very low.Katie at the front desk was lovely and because of her help made our stay.Having worked in the hotel business for over 12 years, this is a property that has fallen in disrepair, the elevators have cracked or missing mirrors, scratches and paint chips are patched lazily, leaving marks. The details are not being tended to and if this is not addressed I wish them good luck in this competitive hotel market. Would not recommend this hotel, there are better hotels in Chicago..Not worth the $170 to stay at...Never stop trying. "Forget the price, never stay here. All the business you put in every weekend is wasted. Everyone is here just to use a little business to pay their bills." - Dave from Atlanta Chicago, USA O..<|endoftext|>
I went here for a two-night stay.  My husband and I ordered a bbq wine on the 4th day to share with us.  We are both accustomed to seeing a lot of boutique wine in a major city, especially outside of Chicago, but this was the first time we really enjoyed ourselves there.  While it is obviously not a boutique hotel, the furniture in the guest room made us feel at home.  When they would walk us the other way, we would never even hear them say hello.  When the attendant would even take us to the bathroom to explain something to us, it made me very confused.  When we asked if there was anything we could talk to about the party and the wine on the 4th day, the guest staff constantly lied and said, "that's no wine, just wine," which is the most common explanation given when asked by neighbors.  If you are staying in Chicago and want to stay on the Red Line for two nights and want to keep your stay connected, then you have a much better opportunity to get to the hotel than if you went the other way.
So far so good!! From the large roof to the clean rooms, everything is the same...A great look at the North and South Avenue shopping stops & shops, fantastic air conditioning and plenty of space for bikes, bars, and even room service. The staff was exceptionally attentive during our stay. Our dress rate was all right, our room was decorated nicely and all the service in our hotel is great!  The service was also very nice! And the wine selection was fabulous,
Another questionable area to this hotel. Shouldn't stay there! They charge ridiculously high for this location on the University Avenue. Check it out here.
The rooms have torn carpeting around the edges, peeling paint, and small dirty bathrooms.   This hotel needs major room renovation work.    Lobby looks great, but when you get to your room,  you see how shoddy a hotel room can be.   I personally suggest staying there instead of entering a Hilton room.
My boss booked two rooms here because the price was so attractive for Chicago.  Big mistake!  I'm not too much of a snob to stay somewhere that looks a little seedy but when the first thing you see is a hooker walk out with her "john" behind her putting his belt back on I have to wonder if this is the place I want to stay for two days.  We walked into the lobby and the first thing that hits you is the sour moth ball taste.  The second thing that hits you is the "concierge" who said without word from me or my boss "you know you have to pay even if you don't stay here."  What topped it all off was the steel gate over the windows, the barb wire fence around the building, the view of the gravel lot, and the tethered remote on the side table.  I just felt like I was going to raped, jacked, or knifed.  I in fact did not get refunded so I definitely got ripped off.  WTF?!?!?  I've never stayed in Chicago like this before, I usually stay when I am home.  I usually stay on the West side of Chicago for 45-70 mins but this room didn't have a wall or place to go.  In fact, I'm not sure where I'll end up when I'm back in Chicago next.  I was planning to stay in the Hotel Arizona but got tipped off.  If I was going to stay somewhere else, I'd go to the SuperBook and have a bathtub full of Water, Hoses, and Waterlogging lids.  My own hotel in The Bronx doesn't even have a shower this hot!
Pros:   Have had 5 stars to 5 stars!  Great location, amazing drinks, great service, great views.  The food is great too!  Free parking too.  Lots of directions, great prices.Cons:  Front desk staff.  Other ambiance is incorrect.  Locker door too.  Living room furniture?
The B & B's great location was the first reason I chose to stay here.  I was in town on business for 2 days and since I used to live in Chicago I knew there would be a lot of things to do within walking distance of the inn.  It's a cute place with some antique furniture and a variety of different sized rooms to choose from.  We stayed in the front of the building which proved to be kind of loud with the street below being busier than I remembered.  I had to get up early both mornings, otherwise I wouldn't have cared.  If sleep is important to you, I wouldn't recommend staying here when there's a Cubs game either.  But, for the most part we enjoyed our stay and will try it again.  The staff was really nice and helpful.The breakfast is, as stated on the website, conservative (?) but they give vouchers for Trader Joe's next door, which we would have tried had it not been so busy (again, the Cubs).This was my first stay at a B & B and really, it's not for everyone.  But, like I said, it's a great location with good restaurants, stores and bars nearby and it's right next to the El.  In addition to the food, I would strongly recommend the Red Dot Holiday Inn.This hotel was fine until 11 pm when I finally made my hotel reservations for another room.  I used credit cards until 7 pm on the second night, because that is when I was charged all the way to the 10 pm elevators.  When I got to the 11 pm elevators, I had to cancel them because there was a light switch but when I called the red circle house for another room, they re-activated the light switch on my left arm and came running back to call the front desk.  I called the front desk two
The B & B's great location was the first reason I chose to stay here.  I was in town on business for 2 days and since I used to live in Chicago I knew there would be a lot of things to do within walking distance of the inn.  It's a cute place with some antique furniture and a variety of different sized rooms to choose from.  We stayed in the front of the building which proved to be kind of loud with the street below being busier than I remembered.  I had to get up early both mornings, otherwise I wouldn't have cared.  If sleep is important to you, I wouldn't recommend staying here when there's a Cubs game either.  But, for the most part we enjoyed our stay and will try it again.  The staff was really nice and helpful.The breakfast is, as stated on the website, conservative (?) but they give vouchers for Trader Joe's next door, which we would have tried had it not been so busy (again, the Cubs).This was my first stay at a B & B and really, it's not for everyone.  But, like I said, it's a great location with good restaurants, stores and bars nearby and it's right next to the El.  The rooms are open in the morning for a reason: it's right next to the hotel so I couldn't miss it during my daily business commute.  The free showers were so nice, especially the most luxurious one: the spa tub, mini bath and king size bed are worth the price. My only complaint is that the menu was kinda thin--could have been a little off.  I guess I'll have to try the creams and donuts again.  It's easy to find a place to stay here and is one of the favorites of this travel website.
The B & B's great location was the first reason I chose to stay here.  I was in town on business for 2 days and since I used to live in Chicago I knew there would be a lot of things to do within walking distance of the inn.  It's a cute place with some antique furniture and a variety of different sized rooms to choose from.  We stayed in the front of the building which proved to be kind of loud with the street below being busier than I remembered.  I had to get up early both mornings, otherwise I wouldn't have cared.  If sleep is important to you, I wouldn't recommend staying here when there's a Cubs game either.  But, for the most part we enjoyed our stay and will try it again.  The staff was really nice and helpful.The breakfast is, as stated on the website, conservative (?) but they give vouchers for Trader Joe's next door, which we would have tried had it not been so busy (again, the Cubs).This was my first stay at a B & B and really, it's not for everyone.  But, like I said, it's a great location with good restaurants, stores and bars nearby and it's right next to the El.  Can't wait to get back to Chicago and I will definitely stay at that place.  You'll be glad you did!
The B & B's great location was the first reason I chose to stay here.  I was in town on business for 2 days and since I used to live in Chicago I knew there would be a lot of things to do within walking distance of the inn.  It's a cute place with some antique furniture and a variety of different sized rooms to choose from.  We stayed in the front of the building which proved to be kind of loud with the street below being busier than I remembered.  I had to get up early both mornings, otherwise I wouldn't have cared.  If sleep is important to you, I wouldn't recommend staying here when there's a Cubs game either.  But, for the most part we enjoyed our stay and will try it again.  The staff was really nice and helpful.The breakfast is, as stated on the website, conservative (?) but they give vouchers for Trader Joe's next door, which we would have tried had it not been so busy (again, the Cubs).This was my first stay at a B & B and really, it's not for everyone.  But, like I said, it's a great location with good restaurants, stores and bars nearby and it's right next to the El.  Our only other experience here was at Cafe c'est la Cour. I'm not so sure that is a bad thing, but just make sure you are planning ahead to make reservations ahead.Pros:-Fast, easy location-Great ambianceCons:-Doesn't have its own telephone system Cons:-There aren't any Wi-Fi connectivityCons:-Not an isolated location-Dementia suffocated us-Awesome downstairs bar/sinkCons:-Just look at the pictures. Okay, fine, not perfect. We'll see how we rate the hotel once we go back.
My boyfriend and I went here for our anniversary and really enjoyed our stay. The hotel is located right off of Michigan Avenue, which is really convenient for touring downtown Chicago. During the day we just roamed the city and were within walking distance of everything we needed. The room was extremely clean and spacious. The decor was up-to-date and modern. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. The main problem I had with this hotel was the parking. I know it is Chicago, and that I should expect it, but it was over $50 a day!! Totally outrageous when you're spending a decent amount of money on the room. If we stay here again, we will obviously plan accordingly and find different transportation.
Great place for a holiday! Terrible restaurant. Really small rooms. We had no reservations for free but it was confusing after three nights with no nightlies until the next day. The wedding and reception there was pretty bad too. Got ready to say goodbye to my parents on the anniversary of our birthday for  not paying our room room rate.  I left a dollar in my bag (the wedding coordinator had said we would be refunded) and came back.  That brought my family to  the ballroom for a major party and  horrible service to the  staff. No matter how clean the rooms were the staff just continued to work because they didn't have the time to take care of all the people.  People were held back every 2-3 hours with no internet and never paid their rooms. So let's get clean in the bars next to the Hyatt Regency so we can celebrate our anniversary.
My boyfriend and I went here for our anniversary and really enjoyed our stay. The hotel is located right off of Michigan Avenue, which is really convenient for touring downtown Chicago. During the day we just roamed the city and were within walking distance of everything we needed. The room was extremely clean and spacious. The decor was up-to-date and modern. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. The main problem I had with this hotel was the parking. I know it is Chicago, and that I should expect it, but it was over $50 a day!! Totally outrageous when you're spending a decent amount of money on the room. If we stay here again, we will obviously plan accordingly and find different transportation. We would recommend this hotel to anyone planning to stay downtown Chicago, for the price, or the additional amenities you would expect.
My boyfriend and I went here for our anniversary and really enjoyed our stay. The hotel is located right off of Michigan Avenue, which is really convenient for touring downtown Chicago. During the day we just roamed the city and were within walking distance of everything we needed. The room was extremely clean and spacious. The decor was up-to-date and modern. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. The main problem I had with this hotel was the parking. I know it is Chicago, and that I should expect it, but it was over $50 a day!! Totally outrageous when you're spending a decent amount of money on the room. If we stay here again, we will obviously plan accordingly and find different transportation. I highly recommend this hotel!
We stayed here earlier this month for a late August visit to the airport. To my knowledge the staff at the front desk never sent me anything. The first thing we did was inquire if the Indigo was booked for us (We also picked up for 2 people in the front desk who worked for a motel called they second floor). We are located in the Mile Post Office downtown (1145 Ave.) and they say it can be booked for us on no charge. NO ID!!!! NO GRAVE!!! Not one  swipe away! A true friend of mine went and booked a rate of $300 a night on Indigo! No change! The price came down after 10pm, until 1:45am... Oh yeah, no gas, did we mention? $39 a night!! And there was no street parking. How did they do that?!?!?!?!? Obviously they didn't like us because of our location! Although we were just six short blocks away (now called Windy Park) we got the red light and we checked in at the lobby. We were so hungry that we couldn't have a decent steak in the restaurant room with coffee and non-alcoholic beverages! There were no comfy chairs in the lobby, no comfortable shoes, and no options for chairs to stand next to the desk.  I was extremely pissed at the agent and she did a terrible job! If you ask me the other day, she knows what a bad customer you are, and she should take care of that. The nights they worked so hard to get the Indigo booked were extremely awkward. The most telling feature of this review, our three stars on Yelp, is that the Hilton gave us an advance on the first day (
My boyfriend and I went here for our anniversary and really enjoyed our stay. The hotel is located right off of Michigan Avenue, which is really convenient for touring downtown Chicago. During the day we just roamed the city and were within walking distance of everything we needed. The room was extremely clean and spacious. The decor was up-to-date and modern. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. The main problem I had with this hotel was the parking. I know it is Chicago, and that I should expect it, but it was over $50 a day!! Totally outrageous when you're spending a decent amount of money on the room. If we stay here again, we will obviously plan accordingly and find different transportation.
I used to stay here on business class every Sunday night but a little over a year ago, I upgraded my budget and fell asleep early. I stayed here in August, in the Sibiu, and nothing happened. Its an old hotel which has a haunted feeling to it (took forever to put the door and floor to bed for me) but no real problems and no problems with staff. Just got married and had the view from the hotel. And all I see and hear are people coming and going about business at the same time. When I first arrived to stay, nothing was coming out of the window. The bed was shallow and it felt like the pillow had been rolled up a bit. For the room (21 bath beds, 26 bathrooms, 2 windows, 1 gal. of water), the staff was very helpful but in no time (mid-afternoon) could get to the entire room. It was still on busy Avenue and in a very quiet area. Bad situation, though. If you don't want to experience this condition, there is a $60 morning coffee pass for $70 or $95 or $100 to bed and breakfast in the hotel--this price is a bit higher than you would pay for a nice apartment.As for cleaning, it's a rather archaic and miserable place. On the very first night, it began to sink asleep around midnight, so a quick towel was needed at the front desk. No towels came in during the night; the hotel is a little expensive but not out of the blue to make a dent in your pocketbook (which is a good thing considering how small the room is). On a rather lucky note, the bathroom across the street was a little clean. But I felt awful. Failing that, I let the hotel stay there for about a month until we complained to the hotel manager and they finally said that the bathroom w
What a place.  Excellent location right in clean downtown and within short walking distance to the "Magnificent Mile."   The view from our 32nd Floor River View room was lovely, up and down the river with their recently redone colorful waterfront.  Even with glorious sunsets, and the Trump Tower (the second highest building in North America) is right across. We had lucked out. Booked at a very low rate through an international Internet travel agency, which went belly-up, and we were cancelled.  But an absolutely great customer service lady, Diane Pena, went all out to get us back in with a river view at the originally confirmed price.   Professional and attentive door service.  Truly appreciative of a gratuity.  Very pleasant, cheerful and welcoming reception.  Joelle, one of the best anywhere.  Room and bathroom inviting, large, bright, and clean.  Big comfortable bed.  A fridge you have to ask for in advance.  But...they still use old, electricity-guzzling incandescent bulbs.  No one else does that any more in our extensive travels.  Hey, save electricity and money.Would we come back?  Of course.  Soon.  Altogether, in Mid-September, the hotel added to a dream vacation.
What a place.  Excellent location right in clean downtown and within short walking distance to the "Magnificent Mile."   The view from our 32nd Floor River View room was lovely, up and down the river with their recently redone colorful waterfront.  Even with glorious sunsets, and the Trump Tower (the second highest building in North America) is right across. We had lucked out. Booked at a very low rate through an international Internet travel agency, which went belly-up, and we were cancelled.  But an absolutely great customer service lady, Diane Pena, went all out to get us back in with a river view at the originally confirmed price.   Professional and attentive door service.  Truly appreciative of a gratuity.  Very pleasant, cheerful and welcoming reception.  Joelle, one of the best anywhere.  Room and bathroom inviting, large, bright, and clean.  Big comfortable bed.  A fridge you have to ask for in advance.  But...they still use old, electricity-guzzling incandescent bulbs.  No one else does that any more in our extensive travels.  Hey, save electricity and money.Would we come back?  Of course.  Soon.  Altogether, in Mid-September, the hotel added to a dream vacation.  I went to Chicago in February and spent a total of two nights there.  For those who are sensitive to the trendy air conditioner, nor did I have any difficulty getting a spot, I have a fairly "good" look at this place right now, just as I did at the beginning of my stay.  The lobby was modern, the lounge was bright and clean, and a serene, modern setting, many windows open to the street and the street provides easy access to some great restaurants.  Booking was qu
What a place.  Excellent location right in clean downtown and within short walking distance to the "Magnificent Mile."   The view from our 32nd Floor River View room was lovely, up and down the river with their recently redone colorful waterfront.  Even with glorious sunsets, and the Trump Tower (the second highest building in North America) is right across. We had lucked out. Booked at a very low rate through an international Internet travel agency, which went belly-up, and we were cancelled.  But an absolutely great customer service lady, Diane Pena, went all out to get us back in with a river view at the originally confirmed price.   Professional and attentive door service.  Truly appreciative of a gratuity.  Very pleasant, cheerful and welcoming reception.  Joelle, one of the best anywhere.  Room and bathroom inviting, large, bright, and clean.  Big comfortable bed.  A fridge you have to ask for in advance.  But...they still use old, electricity-guzzling incandescent bulbs.  No one else does that any more in our extensive travels.  Hey, save electricity and money.Would we come back?  Of course.  Soon.  Altogether, in Mid-September, the hotel added to a dream vacation.  The location, amenities and amenities were familiar and the rate a bit outrageous to have from a hotel that has no stores or shopping malls and was a "wonderland" back then.  No, we would stay at A&P (emergency medical clinic).  Perhaps one day we would check in at their old location.   It is located about 4 miles west of downtown.  Next time we stay, my buddy and I will visit and check in.
What a place.  Excellent location right in clean downtown and within short walking distance to the "Magnificent Mile."   The view from our 32nd Floor River View room was lovely, up and down the river with their recently redone colorful waterfront.  Even with glorious sunsets, and the Trump Tower (the second highest building in North America) is right across. We had lucked out. Booked at a very low rate through an international Internet travel agency, which went belly-up, and we were cancelled.  But an absolutely great customer service lady, Diane Pena, went all out to get us back in with a river view at the originally confirmed price.   Professional and attentive door service.  Truly appreciative of a gratuity.  Very pleasant, cheerful and welcoming reception.  Joelle, one of the best anywhere.  Room and bathroom inviting, large, bright, and clean.  Big comfortable bed.  A fridge you have to ask for in advance.  But...they still use old, electricity-guzzling incandescent bulbs.  No one else does that any more in our extensive travels.  Hey, save electricity and money.Would we come back?  Of course.  Soon.  Altogether, in Mid-September, the hotel added to a dream vacation.  We could not have thought of anything better to do there.
Love the club-level ambiance.  On the first night, they decorated the rooms with over 50 delectable themed dresser-like décor and went on an 80s dream meet.   About the only complaints I have are that they felt like the glamorous sixties and I should have been away, but oh well.  The decor was great (except for the desk seats with which the walls look awful), and the food was always great, even the sides of the coffee maker - a must-try.  Most of the rooms in the club include a gourmet menu of French and Korean pastries, small sandwiches and hummus served on an oversized cake called Huis kangmi (1/2 cup or 1/2 cup).  I would definitely stay here again.
My son and I stayed here for a Cubs baseball trip. It's location is great about a mile from Wrigley Field. You can walk it or catch the bus. It had been a Comfort Inn years ago. Check in was quick and the room we occupied # 112 a bit dated. The neighborhood Lincoln Pk/Lakeview offers alot to do. So we did not spend alot of time in the room.  The room was however clean and nothing I could complain about. Water pressure was fine and there was plenty of hot water. Contnl breakfast was cereal,juice,muffins, toast and fresh coffee. For the price of $ 109.00 two beds I thought was fair. Yes we would stay there again. Plus there was parking outside so they could pay for that. Avoiding the airport  would have been more of a worry.
My son and I stayed here for a Cubs baseball trip. It's location is great about a mile from Wrigley Field. You can walk it or catch the bus. It had been a Comfort Inn years ago. Check in was quick and the room we occupied # 112 a bit dated. The neighborhood Lincoln Pk/Lakeview offers alot to do. So we did not spend alot of time in the room.  The room was however clean and nothing I could complain about. Water pressure was fine and there was plenty of hot water. Contnl breakfast was cereal,juice,muffins, toast and fresh coffee. For the price of $ 109.00 two beds I thought was fair. Yes we would stay there again. If you are looking to go anywhere in Chicago this is a 4 star hotel. We would stay here for the price.
Nice rooftop view, love the parking and nice rooms. But that's about it. No more WiFi for us. Parking is reasonable. Taxi ride by bus to downtown downtown Chicago is about $30 per hour. This one is a bit pricey, but it still serves us our favorite drinks!  The lobby in my old room was very close to the Great Western Restaurant, which was great seeing them having a bar & food truck too!  I think the restaurants are ok, but I'd be lying if I said we did not stay there a few times a year!Overall I liked the rooms. There was a great location with a very good workout facility. They do have online ordering available! There was an additional service center but it wasn't enough to make a BIG difference!I would definitely stay again and again!
I am a little old and what's more, I rarely stay in Chicago during the winter months. So when I moved to Litchfield (hence the location name) I had to make arrangements for a 2-night stay at Chateau Ballroom (thanks buddy!!!), a place of greatest love for my family and friends. You can read my full review of Chateau Ballroom here. I used to do business with several hotels in Chicago, including this one, which is why I thought it was important to stay here. The room was spacious, one bed was enough to go through, and the decor was cheerful and inviting. As soon as I stepped out of bed, I found myself impressed and impressed when I saw that the room was clean and dressed nicely. The staff is
My son and I stayed here for a Cubs baseball trip. It's location is great about a mile from Wrigley Field. You can walk it or catch the bus. It had been a Comfort Inn years ago. Check in was quick and the room we occupied # 112 a bit dated. The neighborhood Lincoln Pk/Lakeview offers alot to do. So we did not spend alot of time in the room.  The room was however clean and nothing I could complain about. Water pressure was fine and there was plenty of hot water. Contnl breakfast was cereal,juice,muffins, toast and fresh coffee. For the price of $ 109.00 two beds I thought was fair. Yes we would stay there again.
My son and I stayed here for a Cubs baseball trip. It's location is great about a mile from Wrigley Field. You can walk it or catch the bus. It had been a Comfort Inn years ago. Check in was quick and the room we occupied # 112 a bit dated. The neighborhood Lincoln Pk/Lakeview offers alot to do. So we did not spend alot of time in the room.  The room was however clean and nothing I could complain about. Water pressure was fine and there was plenty of hot water. Contnl breakfast was cereal,juice,muffins, toast and fresh coffee. For the price of $ 109.00 two beds I thought was fair. Yes we would stay there again.
There were too many rooms for this, 1 for the king size bed and the others were 2.5 and bigger...How can you move so many people? Its not that hard to find room at the corner of 3rd and Quincy...Everyone there is nice, helpful, friendly and helpful. We would stay here again but we should keep it that way.
I stay here - whenever I can. I do have membership to both starwood (sheraton) and hyatt (passport). Excellent point systems in both hotels, but good sheratons (with a view) at reasonable corporate prices are rare to find in Chicago downtown. So, that leaves me with this Hyatt - and this one is really nice. Marriott's and Hiltons and Holiday Inn's take for ever to build up points to get a free night, so I tend to avoid them if I can.I always enjoy staying in this hotel. Rooms are fantastic and being a platinum member, I always get great views - 20th floor and higher.I go here for the views, room decor, great bathroom (towels seem cheap tho), and quietness in the rooms. Most rooms have large LCD screen TVs (with horrible resolution:) ), hotel has good service and "that" BIG BAR.Tip: There is a dominicks (safeway grocery store) across the river where you can get great wine, fresh fruits and juices if you are planning on staying for over 2-3days. Internet is extra 13+/night, and a mini fridge is 25/stay.The tower is also ok, the top tier rooms have walls not covered in dust or stains, plus there are high elevators. The bed, pillows and everything are modern, stylish, and it's free of carpeting.I really enjoy Chicago and can't wait to get back here again.
This hotel is awesome. However, there are some things I should have stayed there to see. First, the airport is tiny (maybe because of the airport). The parking at the airport is on a small area outside the hotel. Also, I should have expected more expensive valet hotels here. All in all, the hotel was very nice, provided there were some outstanding business opportunities and guest to guest communication.Second, the beds were large (not large beds in general) but shallow (very little). The walls are made of a thin, stinging green and it feels like paint was smeared on the ceiling. I would strongly recommend staying there and cleaning it if you are planning to stay here for more than a week. Even when it does not feel clean or comfortable, you still might want to stay there for the more basic (i.e. corporate) meals (i.e. rice, sourdough bread, etc.)
I stay here - whenever I can. I do have membership to both starwood (sheraton) and hyatt (passport). Excellent point systems in both hotels, but good sheratons (with a view) at reasonable corporate prices are rare to find in Chicago downtown. So, that leaves me with this Hyatt - and this one is really nice. Marriott's and Hiltons and Holiday Inn's take for ever to build up points to get a free night, so I tend to avoid them if I can.I always enjoy staying in this hotel. Rooms are fantastic and being a platinum member, I always get great views - 20th floor and higher.I go here for the views, room decor, great bathroom (towels seem cheap tho), and quietness in the rooms. Most rooms have large LCD screen TVs (with horrible resolution:) ), hotel has good service and "that" BIG BAR.Tip: There is a dominicks (safeway grocery store) across the river where you can get great wine, fresh fruits and juices if you are planning on staying for over 2-3days. Internet is extra 13+/night, and a mini fridge is 25/stay. Overnight rates are amazing $10-$14 for a 40min stay, very good.
Great location, great staff, great staff, great place to stay. Stay at Barbara  in the Millennium South and see this place! Awesome cocktail bar! Two stars: I have to give the location a six star because of the door! Had to check in early this morning to see who was standing next to me. I had the Millennium South, so I found out it was located in the center of town! Anyways, to help me navigate the situation by checking in to the elevators and at the main staircase, I made my way down the hall to the bar, which held me until I got to the restaurant I was looking at. The food is SUPER good, the staff extremely friendly and the location was nice and well-suited to a small group of stayers. Also, since I was on the website and had only a few books to write, I thought the location was pretty cool. Don't expect to stay in any hotel...it's the 'big game' that gets you.
I stay here - whenever I can. I do have membership to both starwood (sheraton) and hyatt (passport). Excellent point systems in both hotels, but good sheratons (with a view) at reasonable corporate prices are rare to find in Chicago downtown. So, that leaves me with this Hyatt - and this one is really nice. Marriott's and Hiltons and Holiday Inn's take for ever to build up points to get a free night, so I tend to avoid them if I can.I always enjoy staying in this hotel. Rooms are fantastic and being a platinum member, I always get great views - 20th floor and higher.I go here for the views, room decor, great bathroom (towels seem cheap tho), and quietness in the rooms. Most rooms have large LCD screen TVs (with horrible resolution:) ), hotel has good service and "that" BIG BAR.Tip: There is a dominicks (safeway grocery store) across the river where you can get great wine, fresh fruits and juices if you are planning on staying for over 2-3days. Internet is extra 13+/night, and a mini fridge is 25/stay.
Went here on a Saturday night, and it's super busy. The staff is super friendly and very kind. I checked in when I came and did NOT know that I had a reservation, and whenever someone did bring something to go, I was told by the staff to have the suit and tie checked on me, after which the rest of the guests were then directed to the car. There were a lot of parking. The food was well prepared, was clean (except the Greek yogurt, because it was cooked very flat-on-your-space) and had several "cream" options, the ones that worked best for me. I walked in at the restaurant (one of the Wacky Marts) on the 2nd floor, and I checked in again, only to be told to leave my phone on the desk. The restaurant was excellent, but not in any way representative of Chicago. The Regal has many wonderful places to eat (looks like a brathouse), and the staff was so friendly (even if rude). The DJ @MrRegal of Texas is by no means perfect, and very rude, but I like the way he allows everyone to get what they want. Staff and staff are an absolute blessing - one star for the
I stay here - whenever I can. I do have membership to both starwood (sheraton) and hyatt (passport). Excellent point systems in both hotels, but good sheratons (with a view) at reasonable corporate prices are rare to find in Chicago downtown. So, that leaves me with this Hyatt - and this one is really nice. Marriott's and Hiltons and Holiday Inn's take for ever to build up points to get a free night, so I tend to avoid them if I can.I always enjoy staying in this hotel. Rooms are fantastic and being a platinum member, I always get great views - 20th floor and higher.I go here for the views, room decor, great bathroom (towels seem cheap tho), and quietness in the rooms. Most rooms have large LCD screen TVs (with horrible resolution:) ), hotel has good service and "that" BIG BAR.Tip: There is a dominicks (safeway grocery store) across the river where you can get great wine, fresh fruits and juices if you are planning on staying for over 2-3days. Internet is extra 13+/night, and a mini fridge is 25/stay. No tables are allowed (self service couches only)...no parking...sorry). Finally, many government holidays are made here (9 PM to 4 PM every year), but it's nice to be part of a fun and affordable holiday.Overall, my go to Chicago's Hotel UNION.
Great place to stay! The rooms are really nice, clean and neat. It was great for summer too!  It's closed to the street, bars etc., the bar scene, so for the most part, I think it's nice to see the North Floridian, but not so nice to walk down to.  All was well until I heard the WDW Emergency had canceled the flight from Chicago!! This street homeless person's account said the flight was canceled, but everyone else was so lucky... the rooms are about right for a boutique hotel. Oh, and are the details on the website hard for me to navigate? I've found this website easy to use - thanks to my other comment above. Great place for small weekend yelp stays.
A hotel based in Peoria. Our place is well-kept, well-kept, and well received. Perfect place for a friendly traveler. If you travel in a friend's van or car, the Lincoln Bed & Breakfast and Super Bowl special might be good, too. My stay at the following hotels is a small one - they all cost a bit more than the others. I was told that the Chicago Downtown Drive location was nice and the pick-up service for the place (and lots of driving) was top notch. You will not go anywhere else! Great hotel!
Great location, and a great deal for the price. Although the rooms are pretty small, the views are really breathtaking. My daughter and I were staying at the Marriott Downtown hotel during the 3rd of July holiday rush. The lobby was well decorated and a bit on the dated, but the service was superb, and the staff was extremely helpful. It was right in downtown Chicago and since we were staying a bit south, we could get away from the bus.
I'm comparing this hotel to the Embassy Suites Chicago Lakefront at 511 North Columbus, Chicago, IL, the Embassy Suites at Washington Square in Beaverton, OR, and my prior experiences with Hilton resort properties.I stayed there with my wife and our 2 y.o. infant for 3 nights in October 2010.The Good: The staff was very, very friendly and helpful.  I had to take a breakfast tray back to my room while managing an infant, and a staffperson offered to help me without me having to ask her.The location is also very convenient as it's located in the heart of the River North district.  A Jewel/Osco is across the street.The Bad:The rooms are outdated.  The walls are thin.  The bathroom smelled funny.  The carpet was musky.  The sleeper sofa was outdated.  And the curtains don't blocked out enough light.The breakfast buffet was very poor.  The scrambled eggs were rubbery (even when they served a new batch.)  The fresh cantaloupe and honeydew tasted stale.  The omelets used frozen spinach and not fresh. They did not rotate their offerings.Summary:I will never stay here again.  It was not worth the money to me to stay in a sub-par room and be served a sub-par breakfast.  In the future, I will either spend the same money on a better room and buy breakfast separately.I could not be more complimentary to Hilton  hotel and their staff over here.
There is absolutely no difference between a luxury hotel and a really bad one! The service was excellent, and the location very nice.  The prices were also very reasonable.  The staff was very helpful and easy to talk to.  There were very few surprises, nor was there any kind of "end" where one could not have a glance at the clock, or a seemingly meaningless conversation.  The L Marriott Hotel is located right on the water in a park.  The rooms are nice, but not expensive. There are really only two double beds here so the staff was attentive.  As far as the wireless internet goes, it is only speeded up a bit. However, the internet is slow and can be extended frequently.  The hotel itself is very pleasant, very clean and quaint in all the right places.  Booking is easy, it has very attractive addresses and rooms, and everything is conveniently priced
I'm comparing this hotel to the Embassy Suites Chicago Lakefront at 511 North Columbus, Chicago, IL, the Embassy Suites at Washington Square in Beaverton, OR, and my prior experiences with Hilton resort properties.I stayed there with my wife and our 2 y.o. infant for 3 nights in October 2010.The Good: The staff was very, very friendly and helpful.  I had to take a breakfast tray back to my room while managing an infant, and a staffperson offered to help me without me having to ask her.The location is also very convenient as it's located in the heart of the River North district.  A Jewel/Osco is across the street.The Bad:The rooms are outdated.  The walls are thin.  The bathroom smelled funny.  The carpet was musky.  The sleeper sofa was outdated.  And the curtains don't blocked out enough light.The breakfast buffet was very poor.  The scrambled eggs were rubbery (even when they served a new batch.)  The fresh cantaloupe and honeydew tasted stale.  The omelets used frozen spinach and not fresh. They did not rotate their offerings.Summary:I will never stay here again.  It was not worth the money to me to stay in a sub-par room and be served a sub-par breakfast.  In the future, I will either spend the same money on a better room and buy breakfast separately.With respect to the hotel, I am not sure.  The weather of Chicago is unpredictable and places like this are popular.  I am definitely on the positive side of the deal. -Richard-
I'm comparing this hotel to the Embassy Suites Chicago Lakefront at 511 North Columbus, Chicago, IL, the Embassy Suites at Washington Square in Beaverton, OR, and my prior experiences with Hilton resort properties.I stayed there with my wife and our 2 y.o. infant for 3 nights in October 2010.The Good: The staff was very, very friendly and helpful.  I had to take a breakfast tray back to my room while managing an infant, and a staffperson offered to help me without me having to ask her.The location is also very convenient as it's located in the heart of the River North district.  A Jewel/Osco is across the street.The Bad:The rooms are outdated.  The walls are thin.  The bathroom smelled funny.  The carpet was musky.  The sleeper sofa was outdated.  And the curtains don't blocked out enough light.The breakfast buffet was very poor.  The scrambled eggs were rubbery (even when they served a new batch.)  The fresh cantaloupe and honeydew tasted stale.  The omelets used frozen spinach and not fresh. They did not rotate their offerings.Summary:I will never stay here again.  It was not worth the money to me to stay in a sub-par room and be served a sub-par breakfast.  In the future, I will either spend the same money on a better room and buy breakfast separately.<|endoftext|>
Perfect location for me to look around my corner after I go out for a night of shopping and exploring. Room was comfy and comfy. Very romantic, inviting and clean.  Nearby staff were also very friendly. I recently made the five day drive to Chicago from Chicago by LATE my boyfriend- I felt like we were making our king room in Manhattan and wouldn't get in and out. Very courteous, friendly and professional.  Absolutely enjoyed the rooms available there.  New York is a lot of rooms (not for the faint hearted) but i would consider this location to be somewhere that works for me, and maybe they'll add lounge options.  Would really recommend!
Beautiful room, very clean, but  sometimes hot places make room for the hot people.  We were valet parking, had no problem with it, like the hotel room. Bier Hotel reminds me a valet hotel. I found out right away when we got off the train that the location is right across the street. This wasn't a hotel and the parking was horrible.  I don't want to park my valet
My husband and I just returned from the D.C. art show and the ride down was rather pricey. We were completely impressed with the service they provided and the hotel for which we were extremely grateful.  He and I started our visit with a view down to the Neiman Marcus and Adler Plaza because we didn't want to head down on our own.  While the hotel was pretty spacious, it did have plenty of single family rooms with sofa couches, even though the room was all around a nice, basic table.  Overall, I had a great time at our stay in this fantastic hotel and many more unforgettable experiences throughout my stay.
We stayed here at the back room to catch a weekend train, and there's a number of other hotel but for the most part it's all downtown. The lobby is completely silent, and the rooms are spacious and comfortable. The service is excellent. So many modern conveniences, such as rec room etc. I felt like it was late at night but we both knew that it was worth it. The restaurant and service is great as are the rest of the venues on the Chicago Riverfront. I really enjoyed staying here. I'm just glad the early morning rush hour is gone, the kids would rather sleep in a room with lots of water than wake up too late and the staff would like a nice desk to stand on! Super fast elevator, warm bed and soft carpet is wonderful and it is also one of my favorite bars to stay at.
This is the best I've ever felt in Chicago. The hotel is fine, but it's a great fit for the girl who lives at this place - a 17 year old. I spent most of my vacation here - old friends, family and boyfriends.  Every night, I stayed up with one of my friends to have dinner at her room, and we stayed all night, not pausing to think about the thought of our final meal.  Our server was extremely knowledgeable, friendly and helpful. The room was very clean, and we were super-lettered that there were no phone roaming issues. The day after I left for the vacation, the location was completely changed, from two blocks away to right near the lake.  The parking lot was a little too small for us, so I left it there.  I'll be back for more.
This is definitely the best hotel I have stayed at in Chicago and the hotel is awesome!  Great location and great amenities!
I ordered the Beautiful House and it came with a variety of different rooms.  Each room was clean and have very comfortable beds with comfortable pillows. I used a playa sized bed and it came with bed kits and the bathtub needed some help.  It took about 30 minutes to clean my room before it was back to normal.  This hotel was all-inclusive and comfortable.I ordered the cheapest hotel in Chicago and it was a huge improvement over the rest.  Not a deal breaker at all!  There are 4 star hotels across the country!
Here is a map of where I stay:I booked a room in Downtown Chicago at the Eli to explore the city. Not too shabby. Nice location. Stay was comfortable. I booked a room here for an afternoon private event with an exclusive guest at the SoHo Hotel. The room was very small, had very light fixtures, and didn't have a wallpaper or flooring. The staff was super friendly. I'm so sorry you got sick of all this nonsense. The lobby also has a separate door for parking which is awesome. I did have to share a copy of W Hotel Infinite to see the lobby on the hotel map. Don't let that ruin your view of downtown. I'll do a similar review for the Best Western and Hotel Indigo later, if you like to stay somewhere that makes up for it in color.
A Grand Rapids hotel that is entirely on the Plaza style of high priced, luxury hotels. Most of the rooms are stainless steel and the cookware here is a mystery to me and I'll pay for the glass pans if I wanted one. It is priced right, but sometimes expensive and rooms are not as comfortable as you'd like. The lobby
This place is old. But this place is beautiful. The service is very excellent. Food was great. It's only a 50 minute walk from the world class Theater and Grill. The decor is of nice red color, you just need a bit of time to decorate your room.
Not great The staff here are lacking in decor. Their front desk is gone. There's an hourly rate for the parking - that's a $12 charge to park in a hotel. Obviously this is completely a lifestyle issue and in any event their parking is called at a discount (and this is NOT free parking!). They say you can get a 20 minute parking free for the first 24 hours of use but to be honest it wasn't worth the $$$ because you can't go to 1 a day. If you have a customer service complaint, is there an okay business space in the lobby? Parking at the Hyatt Regency Concourse is WAY out of your budget. I'll leave that for next time.
What a beautiful addition to my vacation and yet now it's getting very crowded and not always comfortable. The suites are less than pleased, one thing is for sure. I live up and down the street, and would be remiss if I didn't mention the staff here in the Marriott suite. In addition, the lobby
I recently stayed in the Chicagoland area for my daughter's graduation.  We stayed in a bit of a dumpster bed in the early morning and we were very impressed with the bathroom.  It was decorated with little tiny works of art.  I saw a wallpaper I like on the wall.  The bed was very comfortable with no stand-ins, so we chose to use a softer bed.  We also had that great view of Lake Michigan in the afternoon.  We definitely stay here as a wedding planner, as we have weddings here many times before.  When not in hotels or shopping for bargains, we are happy to stay here to watch a wedding or get married.  I recommend staying here.  If you want a great view of Michigan Avenue and have a great time, Chicagoland is an ideal place to do it.
My husband was having a big graduation so I booked this stay.  The room was nice and well priced, although the bathrooms were a bit out of character and the room was large compared to the rooms inside.  We definitely needed a place to stash anything we missed.  I think it is a good location as it is within walking distance to all of our six-month anniversary celebration at Michigan Ave. The water pump that used to run the establishment was replaced when we switched to the Riverfront location a couple of years ago.  The bar, which has been on a great run since, was also renovated a couple of years ago, but I did not want to take that as an excuse to see other bars and restaurants instead.  It seems like the idea that the hotel's opening is getting them to consider some hotel has some customers who may not be as customers and who will be able to afford to stay at their favorite restaurants.
I was planning to stay at The James and instead opted for this property after coming across a cheap rate at http://www.getaroom.com. My only gripes: my room was small and the service was a little slow. The food we bought at the restaurant didn't disappoint! I didn't have a chance to use the gym (too busy checking out the shops along Magnificent Mile), but my cousin said it was worth checking out. This is by no means a luxury hotel, so cross this one off the list if that's what you're after.
I was planning to stay at The James and instead opted for this property after coming across a cheap rate at http://www.getaroom.com. My only gripes: my room was small and the service was a little slow. The food we bought at the restaurant didn't disappoint! I didn't have a chance to use the gym (too busy checking out the shops along Magnificent Mile), but my cousin said it was worth checking out. This is by no means a luxury hotel, so cross this one off the list if that's what you're after. We had a great time as well, even if it was only a 5-star.
We actually had a great stay here, we don't know if this is a regular location, or a modern hotel on the West Side, but I guess it would have been good for our vacation on the other side of the Chicago River if we stayed here. A great place to enjoy the skyline in the weekend after having a nice day's stay at noon.. never closes doors..favors outdoor decor..and the service..seeing what we found and did.. Easy trip to Hoof for $100 a night while you're waiting on street deliveries..able to head home and take your bags to the museum and some other great shows.. but we couldn't afford to miss out on our 2 day stay here.. i might get a double win..
I was planning to stay at The James and instead opted for this property after coming across a cheap rate at http://www.getaroom.com. My only gripes: my room was small and the service was a little slow. The food we bought at the restaurant didn't disappoint! I didn't have a chance to use the gym (too busy checking out the shops along Magnificent Mile), but my cousin said it was worth checking out. This is by no means a luxury hotel, so cross this one off the list if that's what you're after. Stay here!
DO NOT BRING THIS TO THIS PLACE!This is BY FAR THE WORST LEASE in the downtown core - Western Avenue!!My husband and I stayed there from April to October of 2010 - and while it's far better than staying at a house on the East Coast, the proximity of hotels here is horrible. On my final trip, we were limited to two places - three clubs, a maximum of two of which we must use (which cost $50 each day and which usually cost less).I'm not one to write reviews about reviews but as a woman living here, I have experienced the central transit system where I've taken many trips to and from:21 MTS, Art Institute, Wien, Airport Plaza, NYT, MGM Grand, and many others!All told, while I've had rooms for as long as I have, the central transit system was barely adequate. However, because of the intercity shuttle service, hotels/hotels are not even very efficient with the elevators and have room service issues, which has to be addressed on a daily basis.I usually stay at a designated restaurant or spa (especially if its open), but none of the original locations offer parking outside of the dining areas.The concierge at
I booked this hotel through http://Hotwire.com at a rate of $81 a night when I traveled to Chicago for the weekend. For this price, everything was great. The staff was incredibly nice and the hotel lobby is really pretty. The room was really quiet and I had no trouble sleeping. Additionally, the location is really convenient.However, if you are going to pay full fare, I recommend making your reservation elsewhere. The room and bathroom wereTINY and the tube TV was from 1992. In this day and age, every hotel should have wireless internet, but at the Palmer House Hilton we had to go downstairs and get a "wireless tower" at the bargain price of $15/day. We had breakfast at the hotel restuarant and it was just ok. If you are short on time, I recommend going downstairs to the corner bakery and having breakfast there instead. If you have time, then it is definitely worth it to make the trek to Tempo!I recommend this hotel if you find a great deal, but otherwise it is worth it to stay somewhere a little more updated.
I booked this hotel through http://Hotwire.com at a rate of $81 a night when I traveled to Chicago for the weekend. For this price, everything was great. The staff was incredibly nice and the hotel lobby is really pretty. The room was really quiet and I had no trouble sleeping. Additionally, the location is really convenient.However, if you are going to pay full fare, I recommend making your reservation elsewhere. The room and bathroom wereTINY and the tube TV was from 1992. In this day and age, every hotel should have wireless internet, but at the Palmer House Hilton we had to go downstairs and get a "wireless tower" at the bargain price of $15/day. We had breakfast at the hotel restuarant and it was just ok. If you are short on time, I recommend going downstairs to the corner bakery and having breakfast there instead. If you have time, then it is definitely worth it to make the trek to Tempo!I recommend this hotel if you find a great deal, but otherwise it is worth it to stay somewhere a little more updated.The majority of my visits to Denver this winter have been to the MLW State Fair. There are a variety of activities on the way, and I liked the construction activities there. The internet is a big deal, too!I want to say again that I really enjoyed the trip. I didn't mind staying downtown (city shuttle), or visiting other nice locations, but Chicago is too busy meeting up with other groups for me. There was too much of a rush to downtown! The hotel must also have been overlooked by the sprawl of the airport and I would have gone here over another weekend, but I was so glad I did not have to spend much time trying to find a hote
I booked this hotel through http://Hotwire.com at a rate of $81 a night when I traveled to Chicago for the weekend. For this price, everything was great. The staff was incredibly nice and the hotel lobby is really pretty. The room was really quiet and I had no trouble sleeping. Additionally, the location is really convenient.However, if you are going to pay full fare, I recommend making your reservation elsewhere. The room and bathroom wereTINY and the tube TV was from 1992. In this day and age, every hotel should have wireless internet, but at the Palmer House Hilton we had to go downstairs and get a "wireless tower" at the bargain price of $15/day. We had breakfast at the hotel restuarant and it was just ok. If you are short on time, I recommend going downstairs to the corner bakery and having breakfast there instead. If you have time, then it is definitely worth it to make the trek to Tempo!I recommend this hotel if you find a great deal, but otherwise it is worth it to stay somewhere a little more updated.
Our room at the Palmer House Hilton was so yummy.  Everyone there was friendly and welcoming.  One lady had a lot to offer and after 10 minutes of work and 20 mins of trying all different flavors, we finally figured it out.  This was the "coolest" room I've ever stayed at in NYC.  We opted for the one-bathroom base.The bathroom did not have the most comfortable in the rooms we stayed in and the machine rooms had worse then average water temperatures.  So, for a small time only, we took the car to somewhere in the South End and went there - three times.  The room did not let us have an open air shower so we had to charge for it. We've never really stayed that location as we'd have to go out for a walk around the corner or parking lot.  Our room was great, just to see the beautiful skyline.  The garage door opened, we saw The Light ran down the hallway.  It was NOT HOT!  It had a clean, cold hallway, not a bright one.We were very surprised when we decided to leave when we checked into the hotel.  The person we called didn't seem to care because he just wanted to see if we were ok.  We even requested a "free" nap, in the event that any restaurant broke
I booked this hotel through http://Hotwire.com at a rate of $81 a night when I traveled to Chicago for the weekend. For this price, everything was great. The staff was incredibly nice and the hotel lobby is really pretty. The room was really quiet and I had no trouble sleeping. Additionally, the location is really convenient.However, if you are going to pay full fare, I recommend making your reservation elsewhere. The room and bathroom wereTINY and the tube TV was from 1992. In this day and age, every hotel should have wireless internet, but at the Palmer House Hilton we had to go downstairs and get a "wireless tower" at the bargain price of $15/day. We had breakfast at the hotel restuarant and it was just ok. If you are short on time, I recommend going downstairs to the corner bakery and having breakfast there instead. If you have time, then it is definitely worth it to make the trek to Tempo!I recommend this hotel if you find a great deal, but otherwise it is worth it to stay somewhere a little more updated.
Stayed here in May when I was checking out one of DePaul University's graduate programs.  Clean, but tiny.  Elevator pretty much only fits two people plus luggage.  We got a room that didn't face the El line, but my mom said that she could still hear it at night when she was trying to sleep (I didn't hear a thing, but I slept through Hurricane Wilma in FL four years ago, so that should tell you how heavy of a sleeper I am).Water pressure in the shower was fantastic, even if the bathroom itself was on the smallish side.  Beds were EXTREMELY comfortable.  Breakfast in the morning was ample, free cookies in the afternoon and right across from a Jamba Juice.  You really can't lose.Says every planner ever!!! If you can't believe the money, then I'm sorry!If I wasn't so valueless, I wouldn't stay here.  I'll try to get another room, but can't really afford the $300+ per month worth of stews, and the cost of rooms in elevators we couldn't afford to stock up on.I'll have to think of somewhere else to go, but I am not planning to stay here.  You can support your friend through much cheaper accommodation that may not seem like much, but still make your stay at the best price possible.3. 1st floor hotel should be free for everyone, but the rooms are expensive. I'm just kidding.  The rooms should be reasonably priced for work space, and we were walking down the hallway doing laundry, and the hotel employee also conveniently took me up on the offer.4. Even with all of that up, I have to be honest: the parking is terrible.  I have no business parking in a 2nd floor hotel and the hotel staff keep making me put up two bikes in the parking lot even
Stayed here in May when I was checking out one of DePaul University's graduate programs.  Clean, but tiny.  Elevator pretty much only fits two people plus luggage.  We got a room that didn't face the El line, but my mom said that she could still hear it at night when she was trying to sleep (I didn't hear a thing, but I slept through Hurricane Wilma in FL four years ago, so that should tell you how heavy of a sleeper I am).Water pressure in the shower was fantastic, even if the bathroom itself was on the smallish side.  Beds were EXTREMELY comfortable.  Breakfast in the morning was ample, free cookies in the afternoon and right across from a Jamba Juice.  You really can't lose.  Food is good too. (My Aunt Sally made sure to provide snacks for us on this trip.) We ended up getting the roof over our heads - for $33 per hour.  We ended up doing quite a few guest rooms but they were no value - if you were just staying in the great city view you would consider that.  Oh, and the thing about the shop is that they have a bedsit at every other tip dollar (on sale every year) and all manner of convenient locations to look around for laundry and towels.Don't expect this place to be a dumpy mess, just get a nice view.  The staff there are nice.  We are on vacation in some kind of jungle, so I won't be down there every weekend.  There are parking, restaurants, bars, etc.  The stuff you are going to find online/off the street is excellent. (A few other things about this location are the fact that there is a barn for kids and free wi-fi, the little hotel you will stay in is owned by Hilton)
Stayed here in May when I was checking out one of DePaul University's graduate programs.  Clean, but tiny.  Elevator pretty much only fits two people plus luggage.  We got a room that didn't face the El line, but my mom said that she could still hear it at night when she was trying to sleep (I didn't hear a thing, but I slept through Hurricane Wilma in FL four years ago, so that should tell you how heavy of a sleeper I am).Water pressure in the shower was fantastic, even if the bathroom itself was on the smallish side.  Beds were EXTREMELY comfortable.  Breakfast in the morning was ample, free cookies in the afternoon and right across from a Jamba Juice.  You really can't lose.All in all, stay in a great city if you really have to.  We would highly recommend it.
Stayed here in May when I was checking out one of DePaul University's graduate programs.  Clean, but tiny.  Elevator pretty much only fits two people plus luggage.  We got a room that didn't face the El line, but my mom said that she could still hear it at night when she was trying to sleep (I didn't hear a thing, but I slept through Hurricane Wilma in FL four years ago, so that should tell you how heavy of a sleeper I am).Water pressure in the shower was fantastic, even if the bathroom itself was on the smallish side.  Beds were EXTREMELY comfortable.  Breakfast in the morning was ample, free cookies in the afternoon and right across from a Jamba Juice.  You really can't lose.
What a mess.  This hotel is super  clunky and lacks in basic amenities like  Wi-Fi.  How could this bad boy turn into a worse house?  What a waste of money!  I tend to stay here every other weekend or weekend the use of car parking lot and other misfortunes.  I would definitely stay here again.
The hotel was terrible, terrible  people, and sooooooo rude.  My wife and I stayed here from early October (my first time here, 12 pm) for our wedding reception, as this place was getting crowded.  We checked in at 4am (i.e. 6 am but i wanted to bring a 6' tall bed) to have a drink, the lobby clerk said they could do nothing about the parking.  I honestly don't know why the hotel was staying so long!  On top of that, when we showed up at 5:30am, the staff here had to re-upload the folder onto a different server, which was a plus since i am only playing online games.  It would be nice if they could upgrade the file type from 3 bit to 4 bit so we could do it without the credit card companies.  Just got a new modem because i needed a modem for my home service.  Got transferred to the airport which took 5 mins from 7 pm to midnight.  Also, the chain-link fence on the second floor is just horrible, so if they use a guard who is supposed to be there (i'm from a travel agency), i'd go back to my hotel.  No question they were making us wait in line for more than two hours and perhaps they wanted to see if we were OK or not.
Famed remodeler. Got an interview and head office at our old home just a few minutes from Chicago. In the room, with the zebra chair and quite large front desk in the middle, it's cool to see a bunch of desks. The floor is clean and the counter is perfect for you to shop while in business or visiting a friend. Rooms are hard to read at first but they're clean and not overcrowding. But they're not! All in all, all worth $60/night, and thanks to Downtown's action in Chicago and rebranding as the Grand Hyatt Regency Hotel, all that extra room space we had for breakfast has been put up for sale! Too bad for us, since its 6:45 a.m. I guess we were already taking our best away.
Small but nice room. Free internet. Great staff. I ordered the Monster Mike-themed drink while at Red Bull this morning, also ordered the dessert downstairs! We had been promised fresh produce for $14 (not the standard 8pm sellout that was offered!), but couldn't believe we'd been promised a 2-course, 1, 2-course event. Instead of experiencing the rain and headaches that come from a crowd of people, we were moved to a parking garage close by. There's an elaborate floor plan, with "stacks" of art that you can use to decorate everything you need. I managed to pay out of pocket for everything in advance with my credit card (up to $25/day), but I have no compunction whatsoever about taking my time and giving it my time.   The hotels have great staff, but if you're on the coast (I was recently booked in San Francisco) and need a little work done (which could be done while vacationing around the country), you'll probably have to ask.The shopping you get at night- from Regalia to The Viaduct can also be found here, but with the usual price point of $70+ per night ($14 a day), you pay a little more.You'll also be charged an added $4.00 per hour per day (that rate goes up based on the city location) to share in the dining and shopping. This makes room for $50 a night; and $40 more per night (free parking, FREE internet). This is what's billed at our hotel as our Holiday Inn Inn Expedia membership - you'll have the luxury of U.S. Mail to $2 per day and also a hotel room to $10 per day, by January 1st, per car, plus international accommodations.The Blue Bubble--which shows a $15 buffet PLUS the price of six glasses of wine! Its not part of th
This hotel is easy to get to if you're looking for something luxurious in a downtown Chicago suburb. So you need to bring your personal things and nothing more.  This is mainly because you can't stay in the "big bar" and even worse, for the price of $400 I can't do a lick of shopping there.A good size room for two people.  Nice hotel rooms and chairs. Delicious buffet, breakfast options for breakfast.  Everyone liked the view and the rooms are clean and spacious.Overall I'd stay here again - it was nice and open but I guess not as nice as I expected.  I guess they're going to have to do some upgrades to the rooms to make them look even nicer and renovate some of the other areas.In this city I expect things to be fairly clean - the view looks good and the elevator on par with even one of the top 10 Millennium Hotel top 10s in Chicago.I guess they have a lot going on with the staff though. Will probably stay there again.
This is a 3 star hotel that I would not recommend in Chicago if they weren't so good on Yelp.  The property is really small and a bit on the expensive side for a four star hotel.  The service is good and they don't offer a discount in advance for a 4 star hotel.  Besides that, they come across as braggarts.  I can't wait for winter when the building is open.  Will definitely stay in Chicago again...
I got to the Four Seasons Motel in Chicago and the shuttle was too late to make it up to the lobby so I was disappointed.  It's a bit of a trip from Chicago but up North there are car shows and Saturday night beer stashes and it doesn't happen often.The bathrooms are messy, a little dirty, and I was caught on camera with my phone after arriving at 2 a.m. A cell phone at the door didn't return when I called.  Well, obviously you can't pick a phone. If you're a shower
This place is like every other good hotel in Chicago. Good eben swanky rooms, wonderful staff, delicious food, great atmosphere. Don't expect anything more than a pleasant hotel, unless your getting into a weird hotel (with many elevators), try the Hilton Hotel or Spa. Try the Queen Suite for the view and view from the toilet.
Nice place with beautiful views in Chicago!  The bathrooms are big, clean, and flush with people.  Awesome view of the lake and lake system in the distance.  Moved in 2 years ago to a smaller room, ran the free wifi out there... (AT & STAYING AT THE BEACH)
This is a very nice hotel with a very friendly and courteous staff.  We stayed in a king suite.  The bdrm was very large, the living rm was even larger and both rooms overlooked the shoreline, a park, and major attractions.  We liked everything about the hotel except the very small bthrm, which was quite difficult to maneuver in and out.  The pool and gym were nice, housekeeping was okay but it wasn't until 5pm when they got to our room on the 9th fl.  You can catch the bus on both sides of the street in front of the hotel, and catch the subway around the corner - two blocks.  The Essex Inn is away from the crowds of North Michigan Ave, yet convenient to major attractions along the Mag Mile.  We will most certainly return here.  Oh, there was something going on EVERY night at the park.  A couple of bands performed two nights, there was Salsa instruction another night.  Quite lively and entertaining.Overall, the hotel was nice but a bit pricey for the outdated decor.  We ate at the Inn's restaurant our first visit because we had to wait until after 4pm checkin for a 5pm room availability.  We arrived at 3pm!  So we lounged in the restaurant, which was satisfactory.  Other nights we ate outside the hotel.  One of my coworkers came to the Inn and asked if he could take a walk downtown, which was ridiculous considering he was trying to get a room on the 13th floor!  WOW!  We're a few dollars cheaper than a king suite, but we didn't mind at all!  We ordered the Side Salad and only became frustrated when the employee at the front desk told us it was the "Monkey's Wining Room."  We never complained, and our daughter-in-law/wife-friend/lad
This is a very nice hotel with a very friendly and courteous staff.  We stayed in a king suite.  The bdrm was very large, the living rm was even larger and both rooms overlooked the shoreline, a park, and major attractions.  We liked everything about the hotel except the very small bthrm, which was quite difficult to maneuver in and out.  The pool and gym were nice, housekeeping was okay but it wasn't until 5pm when they got to our room on the 9th fl.  You can catch the bus on both sides of the street in front of the hotel, and catch the subway around the corner - two blocks.  The Essex Inn is away from the crowds of North Michigan Ave, yet convenient to major attractions along the Mag Mile.  We will most certainly return here.  Oh, there was something going on EVERY night at the park.  A couple of bands performed two nights, there was Salsa instruction another night.  Quite lively and entertaining.Overall, the hotel was nice but a bit pricey for the outdated decor.  We ate at the Inn's restaurant our first visit because we had to wait until after 4pm checkin for a 5pm room availability.  We arrived at 3pm!  So we lounged in the restaurant, which was satisfactory.  Other nights we ate outside the hotel.  There are a couple hotels I stayed at that have very fine dining rooms.  It also happened to be on the walk and the Food Trucks are perfect as well.  Highly recommend the downtown Atlanta location and stay at the Hilliard Bistro.  Super fast service.  Very friendly staff.*** Love Chicago.  Long stay.<|endoftext|>
This is a very nice hotel with a very friendly and courteous staff.  We stayed in a king suite.  The bdrm was very large, the living rm was even larger and both rooms overlooked the shoreline, a park, and major attractions.  We liked everything about the hotel except the very small bthrm, which was quite difficult to maneuver in and out.  The pool and gym were nice, housekeeping was okay but it wasn't until 5pm when they got to our room on the 9th fl.  You can catch the bus on both sides of the street in front of the hotel, and catch the subway around the corner - two blocks.  The Essex Inn is away from the crowds of North Michigan Ave, yet convenient to major attractions along the Mag Mile.  We will most certainly return here.  Oh, there was something going on EVERY night at the park.  A couple of bands performed two nights, there was Salsa instruction another night.  Quite lively and entertaining.Overall, the hotel was nice but a bit pricey for the outdated decor.  We ate at the Inn's restaurant our first visit because we had to wait until after 4pm checkin for a 5pm room availability.  We arrived at 3pm!  So we lounged in the restaurant, which was satisfactory.  Other nights we ate outside the hotel.
This is a very nice hotel with a very friendly and courteous staff.  We stayed in a king suite.  The bdrm was very large, the living rm was even larger and both rooms overlooked the shoreline, a park, and major attractions.  We liked everything about the hotel except the very small bthrm, which was quite difficult to maneuver in and out.  The pool and gym were nice, housekeeping was okay but it wasn't until 5pm when they got to our room on the 9th fl.  You can catch the bus on both sides of the street in front of the hotel, and catch the subway around the corner - two blocks.  The Essex Inn is away from the crowds of North Michigan Ave, yet convenient to major attractions along the Mag Mile.  We will most certainly return here.  Oh, there was something going on EVERY night at the park.  A couple of bands performed two nights, there was Salsa instruction another night.  Quite lively and entertaining.Overall, the hotel was nice but a bit pricey for the outdated decor.  We ate at the Inn's restaurant our first visit because we had to wait until after 4pm checkin for a 5pm room availability.  We arrived at 3pm!  So we lounged in the restaurant, which was satisfactory.  Other nights we ate outside the hotel.  We opted to enjoy an evening on the lake instead because of the cold for a better vacation with a better view of Michigan.  Oh, and when we got back to the inn the next morning, we checked out, and the inn seemed very comfortable.  Not that we worried about being in the hotel, but we could definitely have gone outside if we wanted to.Unfortunately, this is where the truly nice things go wrong.  They never gave us room names or room
this is by far my favorite boutique hotel in Chicago!!!!!!  this one is super busy and has no near as many people as the others in the group, but this was a VERY attractive boutique hotel with a unique location and just about everything to offer.  I am using this word here to describe the magnificent hotel, not to disparage the outside shops or restaurants and well-dressed people, but of course I do not mean the famous wine bar in front of my home.  This is by far my favorite boutique hotel in Chicago!!!!  this is by far my favorite boutique hotel in Chicago!!!!!!
If you're into a kid-friendly bit of child-friendly internet access, this hotel offers it. The rooms are great, the lobby a great look-away, the cable-sponge line is stylish, the room was clean, and the wifi is amazing. The elevators are great, we stayed a little over an hour because of early rush hour and the internet was slow. The pool is not nearly as stylish as the ones we saw elsewhere but we liked it and enjoyed the pool too.  The 'Not So Quiet' Suite suite we ordered was very clean, and very friendly - most certainly from the staff.The room we stayed at wasn't very comfortable in bed but at least we could hear the chirping of the birds.  The restaurant I ordered had hardly any bugs and the staff was pleasant and helpful.
This place was a big disappointment.  The experience really dulled my view of the W brand.  - We were initially placed in a (tiny) room directly across from an elevator bank.  We were kept awake until about 4:30am by guests in the hallway and, alternately, the elevators' chimes.  The noise began, again, around 7-7:30am.  - Without apology, the hotel said they would move us to another room the next day.  We were told we could just leave our bags in the room and they would move everything by our return that afternoon.  When we returned late in the day to get ready for a wedding, our things hadn't been moved and a new room hadn't been arranged.  After re-explaining the situation, we were offered another room with a smaller bed.  "How much less is it a night?  We pre-paid for a king."  "Same price," the receptionist said.  "Why would someone opt for a smaller bed at the same price?"  "Some people like smaller beds," she said.  "Yeah, but we pre-paid and opted for a King size..."  To which she said, and I'm not even kidding, "You'll be fine."  At which point she handed us our key.  We moved our luggage, ourselves, to the new room.  - A bunch of the cable channels weren't working properly.  But, more annoyingly, the in-room pay per view movies weren't working.  We called the front desk and they said nothing could be done.  We asked that we not be charged for the movie we couldn't watch - no problem, they said.  Apparently, there was a *little* bit of a problem because I still got charged for it and then had to plead at check-out for the charge to be taken off.  - On our final night's stay there was no running water (!).  This was Labor D
This place was a big disappointment.  The experience really dulled my view of the W brand.  - We were initially placed in a (tiny) room directly across from an elevator bank.  We were kept awake until about 4:30am by guests in the hallway and, alternately, the elevators' chimes.  The noise began, again, around 7-7:30am.  - Without apology, the hotel said they would move us to another room the next day.  We were told we could just leave our bags in the room and they would move everything by our return that afternoon.  When we returned late in the day to get ready for a wedding, our things hadn't been moved and a new room hadn't been arranged.  After re-explaining the situation, we were offered another room with a smaller bed.  "How much less is it a night?  We pre-paid for a king."  "Same price," the receptionist said.  "Why would someone opt for a smaller bed at the same price?"  "Some people like smaller beds," she said.  "Yeah, but we pre-paid and opted for a King size..."  To which she said, and I'm not even kidding, "You'll be fine."  At which point she handed us our key.  We moved our luggage, ourselves, to the new room.  - A bunch of the cable channels weren't working properly.  But, more annoyingly, the in-room pay per view movies weren't working.  We called the front desk and they said nothing could be done.  We asked that we not be charged for the movie we couldn't watch - no problem, they said.  Apparently, there was a *little* bit of a problem because I still got charged for it and then had to plead at check-out for the charge to be taken off.  - On our final night's stay there was no running water (!).  This was Labor D
This place was a big disappointment.  The experience really dulled my view of the W brand.  - We were initially placed in a (tiny) room directly across from an elevator bank.  We were kept awake until about 4:30am by guests in the hallway and, alternately, the elevators' chimes.  The noise began, again, around 7-7:30am.  - Without apology, the hotel said they would move us to another room the next day.  We were told we could just leave our bags in the room and they would move everything by our return that afternoon.  When we returned late in the day to get ready for a wedding, our things hadn't been moved and a new room hadn't been arranged.  After re-explaining the situation, we were offered another room with a smaller bed.  "How much less is it a night?  We pre-paid for a king."  "Same price," the receptionist said.  "Why would someone opt for a smaller bed at the same price?"  "Some people like smaller beds," she said.  "Yeah, but we pre-paid and opted for a King size..."  To which she said, and I'm not even kidding, "You'll be fine."  At which point she handed us our key.  We moved our luggage, ourselves, to the new room.  - A bunch of the cable channels weren't working properly.  But, more annoyingly, the in-room pay per view movies weren't working.  We called the front desk and they said nothing could be done.  We asked that we not be charged for the movie we couldn't watch - no problem, they said.  Apparently, there was a *little* bit of a problem because I still got charged for it and then had to plead at check-out for the charge to be taken off.  - On our final night's stay there was no running water (!).  This was Labor D
This place was a big disappointment.  The experience really dulled my view of the W brand.  - We were initially placed in a (tiny) room directly across from an elevator bank.  We were kept awake until about 4:30am by guests in the hallway and, alternately, the elevators' chimes.  The noise began, again, around 7-7:30am.  - Without apology, the hotel said they would move us to another room the next day.  We were told we could just leave our bags in the room and they would move everything by our return that afternoon.  When we returned late in the day to get ready for a wedding, our things hadn't been moved and a new room hadn't been arranged.  After re-explaining the situation, we were offered another room with a smaller bed.  "How much less is it a night?  We pre-paid for a king."  "Same price," the receptionist said.  "Why would someone opt for a smaller bed at the same price?"  "Some people like smaller beds," she said.  "Yeah, but we pre-paid and opted for a King size..."  To which she said, and I'm not even kidding, "You'll be fine."  At which point she handed us our key.  We moved our luggage, ourselves, to the new room.  - A bunch of the cable channels weren't working properly.  But, more annoyingly, the in-room pay per view movies weren't working.  We called the front desk and they said nothing could be done.  We asked that we not be charged for the movie we couldn't watch - no problem, they said.  Apparently, there was a *little* bit of a problem because I still got charged for it and then had to plead at check-out for the charge to be taken off.  - On our final night's stay there was no running water (!).  This was Labor D
While there have been some noise issues regarding their Virginia Avenue Hotel from writing some earlier this week, I will admit that I am somewhat leery of noise and noise in a hotel. The lobby (which, until recently would have been nice if it were "epitaph") is just perfect.  For one thing, the decor and decor are all extremely contemporary and off-white.  The door and the space beyond it are very stylish.  Yes, I have the Periscope, a heart attack-through-heart-rate automatic readout and a bit of a rock-star.  Also, there is the room service desk for noise-prone people who don't like to deal with other people's noise, especially those arriving from their showers.  The rooms are very clean and  yummy.  This is, in part, because of the fact that these people are very young (which, to be honest, I find aggravating) and they often come from very rough and dreary times.  They have to find some work, some escape.  Luckily, this
Chicago, the review will begin.  (around noon on 12/27/17)  People rave about great Hotel here.  Here's my final feedback - This location is starting to sound like it could never get out of hand.  In fact, I'll be back for another review!  Parking is right next to a nice section of the north side, but the concourse was frustrating.  A bag of personal travel-sized covers for the travel bags I checked out were waiting on the people I addressed, which seemed to be at the front desk.  Our room provided a great amount of visual fun and reminded me that if something is missing you have everything you need (like decorating).  The
It's a 4th floor, modern or modern? The doors are old and closed - Which will destroy the decor, add to the disservice and give it a crappy feel. I asked them to "get rid of the old girl's desk drawer". They have updated the room the glass will be green, it is at the moment only has an ironing board with the florescent lights on it. They should move the screens to a smaller room because that would ruin the romantic vibe that they build.  If you dont have the luxury of the West Coast from Michigan, you're outside of your comfort zone. The rearmosts are very uncomfortable and scratchy. Thank you Avenue Hotel!
Love the hotel not the front desk. -Parked in the corner on O I Line. Of course, we didn't get to use any of the people walking through us so in addition to parking it is expensive. Don't expect an open bar. And no things like that. -No tax.The lobby was enormous. I couldn't fit in my arms any more and it was a question of direction and who is going to move to where?I can't think of two things that would make this hotel more awesome -Room service and (ideally) size. People were friendly, obviously and they treated us like family.  The place was small, but also had good service from the front desk staff. I expect to stay here again. I will return and see what happens.
I'd pay $50 for an open bar/club in Vegas where no one left to kick a ass. Could not have anticipated the commercial spirit this has to offer. We left our rollicking 26-year-old boyfriend at home and never found a good reason to stay. Due to the long, but ill-fated stay we didn't go back to the hotel. I stayed here on "Wedding Day" because I knew the room - only if you'd travel to Chicago or Chicago!  When we arrived in Chicago we had no trouble finding parking/parking/smoking in the other rooms, just zero complaints or other issues. We drove the Doubletree over to Hilton that night and we were treated with professionalism! The staff was attentive and the rooms' decor was outstanding! The Doubletree is so close to the Midway house it's never been any worse for one!
I highly recommend this hotel, truly a great place to stay.  Great location, quiet neighborhood, good staff.   There's something refreshing about everything about the rooms and beds.  Everything compliments the contemporary feel of the lobby, grand downstairs room looks slightly dated or somewhat faded.  The bathrooms are super cool too - nice teardrop cleanliness and pool.  For $70 a night (the room was older than my dap fix in the  suites ), it was decent and I would stay there again.
This hotel is awesome. The rooms are comfortable and comfortable. And they are, well, comfortable.  I'd spend about $70 more if I booked two room nights.  The room was clean, comfortable, beautiful and  well done.  I guess the only downside is that they got very expensive crowns too. I recommend this hotel not to stay here again.
For the price of the hotel, I'll be staying here again... a bit disappointed when I get back. I feel like someone offered her room rather than staying in it. It felt like a carousel and was all parking fees. Parking for the weekend was $50 a night and not paid until I paid another $40 on top of it. In the previous year, I paid just $40 a night. This one was worse and requested a hotel stay. Had to rely on a parking service for everything that I paid. I left my keys on the carpet and forgot to use a power router because my room was very dirty. Otherwise, I really enjoyed staying here! The overall rooms were clean and comfortable, with a great view of the river. The furnishings at all levels are a good guess on what I would call worth the $25 difference. They are an excellent addition to any hotel. I would rate the room $28/night for room service, linen dresser, bookers, back room, breakfast table, massage chair, tiny bathtub with shower and a showerhead.
Awesome hotel, lots of nice rooms. The decor is fantastic (aside from the castle) and I enjoyed watching the Sky and Skyler movies! I won't go back.
Lovely small hotel on the south side of Chicago.  Long walk, hallways a good walk and everything. We stayed here a few years ago.  On that note, you must stay a bit longer! The TV screens are short but in excellent condition. Service was outstanding.  Also, no view to be had here!
It's a bar in downtown Detroit, at the North River. So try this place! I liked the decor.  First, I ordered the whiskey/loafies first, and the restaurant.  I just couldn't believe that the staff at this fine establishment was so friendly and professional.  What a huge drawback to being inside a bar.  Great lobby, great view. I'll definitely be back in the future!
I had the luxurious Embassy suite in the lobby a few days ago. Nice decor for our kids and room service is top notch. Here's my refund for the rental. The view from the top floor is outstanding. I'll definitely stay here again.
Stayed here 10/15/11 because its fairly close to the united center.  Booked our room back in August with a 72-hour special, still paid $156 for 2 people for 1 night.  Figured that's just the city for you.  We were totally excited because the website makes the place look amazing.  However, the website is TOTALLY misleading.Parking is in addition to your room.  The valet was adequate, its $33 to valet your car or $28 to park it yourself around the corner.  The lobby is okay, looks tired and old (not in a good way).  Could use a remodel. We stayed in the Buckingham Wing, which I guess is where all the smoking rooms are.  There was a stale smoke smell in the hallways and the room. The tiny elevator reeked of some kind of cleaning agent, which was okay I guess.  The room was very basic, which is fine because we were only staying one night.  Their website boosts beautiful views, but our room was across from Colombia college, and a fire escape.  You can hear everything going on in the hallway and the street below. Got hungry late at night (around midnight) so we found a pizza place nearby called Pauly's (or something like that).  The area is okay, not great.  I slept on top of the sheets and without a pillow, I was terrified of bed bugs. We couldn't wait to leave in the morning, if that tells you anything about the place.  This is definitely not the city for you.
Stayed here 10/15/11 because its fairly close to the united center.  Booked our room back in August with a 72-hour special, still paid $156 for 2 people for 1 night.  Figured that's just the city for you.  We were totally excited because the website makes the place look amazing.  However, the website is TOTALLY misleading.Parking is in addition to your room.  The valet was adequate, its $33 to valet your car or $28 to park it yourself around the corner.  The lobby is okay, looks tired and old (not in a good way).  Could use a remodel. We stayed in the Buckingham Wing, which I guess is where all the smoking rooms are.  There was a stale smoke smell in the hallways and the room. The tiny elevator reeked of some kind of cleaning agent, which was okay I guess.  The room was very basic, which is fine because we were only staying one night.  Their website boosts beautiful views, but our room was across from Colombia college, and a fire escape.  You can hear everything going on in the hallway and the street below. Got hungry late at night (around midnight) so we found a pizza place nearby called Pauly's (or something like that).  The area is okay, not great.  I slept on top of the sheets and without a pillow, I was terrified of bed bugs. We couldn't wait to leave in the morning, if that tells you anything about the place.  I'm a lot of aggressive people who like to go out and get into a bit of a pickle.Good price and very reasonable service.
The room is cozy, spacious, and very nice.  I liked the bed.  Bathroom was clean. The curtains in the bedroom are clean but small.  I don't know if they truly break the 2 years my girlfriend stayed there, I think it was just the curtains.  Food was good.
One thing that does sit on my every dining request: conveniently located in the heart of City Center, restaurant and wine bars.  The wine bar is just steps away from the wall and the room is literally on top of a pedestal.  They offered so much variety in wines (to match the climate) and the food was excellent, in my opinion.  We had our breakfast at the Monaco, followed by our lunch at
Stayed here 10/15/11 because its fairly close to the united center.  Booked our room back in August with a 72-hour special, still paid $156 for 2 people for 1 night.  Figured that's just the city for you.  We were totally excited because the website makes the place look amazing.  However, the website is TOTALLY misleading.Parking is in addition to your room.  The valet was adequate, its $33 to valet your car or $28 to park it yourself around the corner.  The lobby is okay, looks tired and old (not in a good way).  Could use a remodel. We stayed in the Buckingham Wing, which I guess is where all the smoking rooms are.  There was a stale smoke smell in the hallways and the room. The tiny elevator reeked of some kind of cleaning agent, which was okay I guess.  The room was very basic, which is fine because we were only staying one night.  Their website boosts beautiful views, but our room was across from Colombia college, and a fire escape.  You can hear everything going on in the hallway and the street below. Got hungry late at night (around midnight) so we found a pizza place nearby called Pauly's (or something like that).  The area is okay, not great.  I slept on top of the sheets and without a pillow, I was terrified of bed bugs. We couldn't wait to leave in the morning, if that tells you anything about the place.  Our room was absolutely gorgeous, super clean and exactly what we needed.
Stayed here 10/15/11 because its fairly close to the united center.  Booked our room back in August with a 72-hour special, still paid $156 for 2 people for 1 night.  Figured that's just the city for you.  We were totally excited because the website makes the place look amazing.  However, the website is TOTALLY misleading.Parking is in addition to your room.  The valet was adequate, its $33 to valet your car or $28 to park it yourself around the corner.  The lobby is okay, looks tired and old (not in a good way).  Could use a remodel. We stayed in the Buckingham Wing, which I guess is where all the smoking rooms are.  There was a stale smoke smell in the hallways and the room. The tiny elevator reeked of some kind of cleaning agent, which was okay I guess.  The room was very basic, which is fine because we were only staying one night.  Their website boosts beautiful views, but our room was across from Colombia college, and a fire escape.  You can hear everything going on in the hallway and the street below. Got hungry late at night (around midnight) so we found a pizza place nearby called Pauly's (or something like that).  The area is okay, not great.  I slept on top of the sheets and without a pillow, I was terrified of bed bugs. We couldn't wait to leave in the morning, if that tells you anything about the place.  We found a toilet at the service hotel and decided to hurry to it after we saw it through the window.  Staff was funny and helpful, keeping us informed, so maybe that's how it got to be that way?  Had a really great stay there!
Love this hotel! They offer free parking at the drop-off point in front. We really like this place! Easy walking distance to First, and Avenue, if you're good with town-travel! Didn't rate it at all. Plaza, well worth it, but it's just smack in the middle of a parking lot, then a third block south. If you want to take reservations that have nightclub access, take advantage of a coffee-table off-site at F.X.C. and don't go there - if not, you won't be able to walk. Loved it!!
My fiance and I love this place. First off, I love that Hotel Hampton. My fiance told me it was unique, comfortable, classy, all the other things I liked about the city, etc. Next, and again, both great points... good location, lovely decor, high ceilings, great views, etc. The staff at State Park is super friendly and accommodating. You'll definitely be surprised what they have to offer.  We actually have to line up for tickets and have the shuttle downtown.
I love the one in the lobby of Downtown Chicago!  The decor is high tech, sophisticated, and convenient! Our room was built in the 90s, and the rooms were nicely designed.The staff is friendly, pleasant, and clean. This is my second time visiting Downtown Chicago (again). I also love the variety of restaurants downtown, and many more! It is a very city-friendly
Just received my ball gown from SONGH - this isn't great and overall, the bar/phoozer was good, but I am worried about cleaning. I tried to change the ball gown several times and it couldn't be cleaned at all. I will definately be visiting this hotel again. I left it unworn and will certainly stay at another.
There is nothing like the Santa Ana Hotel! We really liked this hotel because of all the positive things about the historic buildings and valet. First off it is beautiful! Next we also really liked the lake and all of the location. The rooms are simple but spacious. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking to enjoy a stay in the Downtown.  The rooms were absolutely gorgeous! The lounge was wonderfully small with the local beauty department. Also the coffee maker was a must have.
A great lil' boutique-style place to stay in Chicago - terrific and personalized service from a genuinely nice staff (they printed out our schooner tickets for us at the front desk), and a great restaurant, the Atwood Cafe, with an amazing bartender (Ray) and a first-rate executive chef (Derek Simcik), really made this a place that we were tempted not to leave at all!  In the end, we did wind up going out, though, since the hotel is within walking distance of attractions like Millennium Park, the Theater District (got 11th-hour tickets to Alison Krauss's only show at the the Chicago Theater totally by accident - we only knew she was there because we could read the marquee from our room!), and the Chicago Institute of Art (with its amazing new wing). Definitely worth checking out!
A great lil' boutique-style place to stay in Chicago - terrific and personalized service from a genuinely nice staff (they printed out our schooner tickets for us at the front desk), and a great restaurant, the Atwood Cafe, with an amazing bartender (Ray) and a first-rate executive chef (Derek Simcik), really made this a place that we were tempted not to leave at all!  In the end, we did wind up going out, though, since the hotel is within walking distance of attractions like Millennium Park, the Theater District (got 11th-hour tickets to Alison Krauss's only show at the the Chicago Theater totally by accident - we only knew she was there because we could read the marquee from our room!), and the Chicago Institute of Art (with its amazing new wing). Definitely worth checking out!
A great lil' boutique-style place to stay in Chicago - terrific and personalized service from a genuinely nice staff (they printed out our schooner tickets for us at the front desk), and a great restaurant, the Atwood Cafe, with an amazing bartender (Ray) and a first-rate executive chef (Derek Simcik), really made this a place that we were tempted not to leave at all!  In the end, we did wind up going out, though, since the hotel is within walking distance of attractions like Millennium Park, the Theater District (got 11th-hour tickets to Alison Krauss's only show at the the Chicago Theater totally by accident - we only knew she was there because we could read the marquee from our room!), and the Chicago Institute of Art (with its amazing new wing). Definitely worth checking out! I'd stay in a couple more if I could, however!
A great lil' boutique-style place to stay in Chicago - terrific and personalized service from a genuinely nice staff (they printed out our schooner tickets for us at the front desk), and a great restaurant, the Atwood Cafe, with an amazing bartender (Ray) and a first-rate executive chef (Derek Simcik), really made this a place that we were tempted not to leave at all!  In the end, we did wind up going out, though, since the hotel is within walking distance of attractions like Millennium Park, the Theater District (got 11th-hour tickets to Alison Krauss's only show at the the Chicago Theater totally by accident - we only knew she was there because we could read the marquee from our room!), and the Chicago Institute of Art (with its amazing new wing). Definitely worth checking out!  So, what do you do for a couple bucks at a bar rather than staying at a Marriott?  In Chicago, you can, if you have a floorplan, room with a couches, pillows, pillows, sofa, table.  They're all far cheaper than Chicago, but at night, we checked out Chicagoi bars (which are quite pricey - $15.00/night for your room, $8/night for the suite), and were too close to the addition of the The Suites at Magnificent Mile for our liking.  For a "normal" night at the Suites, we booked online, a hotel reservation online, the at-the-soochy-place-to-park option (they are a bit convenient, but nothing special at all).If you're staying somewhere nice and quiet and clean, this is the place for you!  The sushi bar is right across the street and is one of the few places that actually has a vintage style sushi bar or location for you to sit at and enjoy your stay!  The place
If you are going to stay here know that you are staying in an awesome Chicago landmark. I love the lobby here. I love the rooms and the service is always super friendly. There are some great books about the history of this place too.There are two restaurants in the place. The one I liked was the Friendly Grill. I love the wait staff. One of the reviewers asked if I was a fan of the Augustana, which was fine. I actually have no issues with staying here. I'm staying in a very modern hotel, right in the heart of downtown Chicago. I'm going to stay here again next time I'm in the city. Also, since I've mentioned the air conditioner I will just say that it is absolutely fantastic! I will definitely be back!
After a few months of staying at Chicago Park, I am hoping to find a downtown destination. The River North Inn Hotel had a great location in the heart of downtown and was able to offer what many would consider to be close to the suburbs of Chicago. The Hotel originally occupied the couple of floors on the other side of the river (between the North Avenue and South Avenue at the same time) but changed its site due to management's needs. What started out as a business opened a very popular boutique location on the South side of Lake Michigan. I think you can give this place 4 stars for being part of the Chicago revival - it has what it takes to stand up to the hype. A nice renovated lobby, and of course open 14 days a week, which for me means I have the best breakfast at either breakfast spot on the East side of the lake. The location is so close to the gym, restaurant, or bar, and the front of the hotel has to be seen to be believed, but that's what makes it so good. The staff is fantastic, and the rooms are quiet, well-kept, clean, and inviting. I would definitely stay in Chicago again.
If you are going to stay here know that you are staying in an awesome Chicago landmark. I love the lobby here. I love the rooms and the service is always super friendly. There are some great books about the history of this place too. Check out: Regent Park, Chicago Bookings http://www.regentpark.com/
If you are going to stay here know that you are staying in an awesome Chicago landmark. I love the lobby here. I love the rooms and the service is always super friendly. There are some great books about the history of this place too. I know a few things I like, maybe not the most but this place deserves a 4 star.
If you are going to stay here know that you are staying in an awesome Chicago landmark. I love the lobby here. I love the rooms and the service is always super friendly. There are some great books about the history of this place too. I highly recommend checking it out.
This is not a very good hotel. Service was kind and accommodating. Rooms are small and a bit dated, however there are so many different coffee shops, which makes the car parking a bit inconvenient. The staff is extremely friendly, always trying to reach you within minutes with a text alert for a parking problem. This is definitely not a hotel that you want to stay in.
My fiance and I stayed at the Barley Food Mart, the Greek style grocery store. Upon arriving we were greeted by something called the "Charmel." We had been there a few times and they used word of mouth to hype up the restaurant and address the disappointing (and expensive) lot. While it was certainly not a hotel, the true character of the experience is not. There was a skyline view, views of the lake, and around the Peachtree River right by (then Historic Oak Avenue & Allegro Streets) as we were walking southbound. Yet, the real charm lies behind the bell ($45 for the day, $11 for a night). The bar is bright and the wood look every bit as modern as the 1920s midtown lobby. Only real complaint with the bar is the smokiness in the bathrooms. When we got out the door we found myself sniggering, I couldn't believe that someone who lives in Chicago was willing to do this for a rate that was almost nothing more than a pass. Not only does the menu leave you wanting to drink some bong gum, but the waitress knows exactly what you're looking for.  Their customer service is great and really just delivers, and would rather give me a drink than pay $15 for a hotel room. Very questionable. I highly recommend this Chicago Hilton to anyone wishing to stay in Chicago.
What a wonderful place!! I plan on going back when ever possiable. All the room are really nice and spacious, you are denfinatly not going to a Holiday Inn. The front desk staff were so friendly and accomidating. Every time we asked for somthing they had the answer and a map to go along with it.  Great place, I highly recomend it! Also love the room attendants, however it may not be a great experience until you actually use them. If you get your fill, I would highly recommend staying there!
The living room, flooring and bed used to have nice, clean rugs and the toiletries can't stand up to the heating, especially when they replaced them with bigger ones. Well, with the bathroom, we could hear the people in there cheering and the R. C. King staff in it. Got an O. Box to store our things in, and got on the flight from Boston to Chicago by taxi to the city. Got caught by Chicago police, the restaurant manager could not tell us what was going on. The booking agent asked if we had a previous reservation, and said, yes, we did. We booked our things online and wanted to know why it didn't work. One of the hotel's second floor offices said that our food came out through a Wifi switch - for the time being that is a pet peeve of mine, and it turned out to be the wrong switch. We asked why they didn't tell us, and was told that if the customer made a reservation after the attendant checked the food, no worries, everyone figured out the switch that worked fine. Not to mention, our chef was already calling their staff to check out and get ready for our next meal, with the same problem recieved every night for 8 months. Also, the guy in charge of the restaurant and elevator said that our check-out turned into an hourly check-out, which I don't think he was ever going to admit. Talk about bad service. Room code violations here. Room guests frequently asked their staff for a false fee, which I always heard them hand out by tip o' their coasters to the lower class people in charge of these high-end establishments. Of course, it wasn't until the continued complaints that the restaurant manager finally apologized. This leaves you with a
I recently arrived here for my last vacation. My first impression was of huge facilities. Very comfortable bathroom, and staff. I had been snoozing the entire time we were there, until now. In my opinion, this place should be on the beat path for new / replacement travelers.  The reason why this place stands out the most is the location on the recently renovated Downtown tower (which is owned by six different major carriers).  The parking is quite expensive, and it's just unappealing.  Although it was opened this week, by far the worst thing that can happen to a Chicago hotel is you have to go to downtown to get parking.  The rooms are small and run short of service. In my opinion, unless you are in a hurry to book an apartment, and need a safe, comfortable place to stay, get out there! The room service is poor, inconsistent, and there are very few showers available in the shower. For the price, this will surely be my second stay there.  It will probably get a lot worse if I miss any major Chicago hotel in the future.
What a wonderful place!! I plan on going back when ever possiable. All the room are really nice and spacious, you are denfinatly not going to a Holiday Inn. The front desk staff were so friendly and accomidating. Every time we asked for somthing they had the answer and a map to go along with it.  Great place, I highly recomend it! - For the price you pay, I really hope you stay here, and will definitely stay again.
No need for a room!! Wifi is great (on site) but it seems like the staff is out of touch (since it wasn't on-site) with regard to it's network charges (even though the room was so friendly and accommodating). If you're planning a weekend trip then you are going to be disappointed (unless you're planning on staying in Chicago). The parking sucks (even when you know where to look). Our room was to die for (it was had been given in good condition and came to us with warm welcoming gifts) and the rooms were small too! Not a room in the city!!!
A perfect fit for our holiday. Great location - just blocks from Millennium Park, and great views of Chicago from the Michigan River. Very affordable, comfortable and comfortable to the "outside world".
Our room was booked up on September 24th, and it was delivered about 1AM and left many minutes later in a completely cold room. The staff was friendly and helpful in coming up with the rooms and plan accordingly. The chairs were quiet, and the staff had a lot of fun talking to us as we approached our rooms.All of the room amenities were okay, but that was about it. The room service, though dated, is also disappointing. The lobby was bare and old, it looked like some kind of coffin which was completely laid out, topped with a curtain and paper rollers.I walked around the lobby every other day, wondering how old they all were. I was not impressed at all. Food service was on a low note. There is absolutely nothing positive about parking or parking meter revenue at all. Bad but not terrible. Didn't rate it very highly but definitely could have earned a visit to my other room and held on to that feeling. The room was nice and clean, but does it have to be built like a hotel?I would stay again, and recommend this place to everyone.
Love this place. Any chance I get, this is where I stay. Super friendly staff, great location. Attached to a restaurant The Grill with decent food. In Chicago you can definitely get better. But that doesnt have a direct effect on the hotel which is in a prime location for food, shops and walking around. However, I loved my stay at my friend's and enjoyed her views. I also enjoyed my room because of it.
Love this place. Any chance I get, this is where I stay. Super friendly staff, great location. Attached to a restaurant The Grill with decent food. In Chicago you can definitely get better. But that doesnt have a direct effect on the hotel which is in a prime location for food, shops and walking around. Overall a pleasant and quiet place.
Love this place. Any chance I get, this is where I stay. Super friendly staff, great location. Attached to a restaurant The Grill with decent food. In Chicago you can definitely get better. But that doesnt have a direct effect on the hotel which is in a prime location for food, shops and walking around. Overall, no other hotels in Chicago stay better.
great wedding. i found a place at the tower and its usually okay. i gave up more of the hotel lobby room to stay here. the breakfast menu was good but i got the price they pay for menu. i loved everything about the hotel. there is a nice restaurant in the basement (a boston pasta restaurant?) so you can get a nice steak and they have cheap steak house restaurants you will love. food was delicious and the rooms were tiny. i stayed here because the girls got a pool but even if they didn't, it's ok and the concierge was awesome and clean too. there is a king bed which can be used for a group night. have a great deal when you decide to stay on an extended stay
As I mentioned before the Milwaukee was well-suited for what I wanted and was very pleasant.  Service is good and pricing is fair.  I usually just stay at the airport in Chicago or because of travel in major cities but as I am traveling to Chicago every day I just felt the need to call my hotel for additional services. The service, hotels, and service for metro-area guests came from esteemed  provider, in-house staff - here in Milwaukee we have a great deal of experience with our guests. Check out my Hotel Saloon to find out how.
Very nice rooms and lobby. Love the Starbucks in the lobby area. They have high class breakfast options. Thank you for sharing your stay here!
Love it!  Its the first time I have been to the place and am all in. The staff was friendly and courteous and the property is great value for the money I spend.  I stayed here a few weeks ago and was so impressed with the layout that I thought I could afford the hotel. The gym/medicine area is small but well maintained. There are a few doctors near, and a wonderful pool.  The rooms are very large so you won't hear the loud but clean chandeliers. Don't expect anything special. Oh and stay here for breakfast and don't expect to find a top of the line price.
Having stayed here three years ago on my recommendation of the Best hotel, I was not disappointed.  Excellent booking with a great location, excellent living experience, luxurious amenities, open floor plan with a nice TV for you and a great location (at the Hilton, my cousin's room could accommodate 10 people!). My hotel uses a contemporary character design which reflects the modern New York feel.  Within walking distance you will see cute shops, restaurants, and shops, with high level amenities.  Highly recommended!
I liked this place! We stayed for a wedding in December & the Allerton staff were really fun, and professional! The ballroom on the top floor is absolutely beautiful, but can feel a little small when there are lots of guests. I was sweatin' on the dance floor & bumping into everyone, so maybe it's better for a small wedding but we all had fun. Beautiful room though. Wedding organizer should have handled the reception bar set-up better too for a hotel on THE Michigan Avenue. It took a while to get a drink because there was only one bar for so many people.Another thing that could have been improved on was the main/only entrance. It's just an entrance with no grandeur, but when you get up to the 3rd floor the hotel comes to life.  The elevators are ridiculously slow. It's an old, historic hotel though, so if you know that going in, the quirks are really endearing.P.S.   My bed was great! So comfortable, and the room was small but clean and well-decorated. Room size was not a big deal. It was comfortable, pretty, & clean, AND I had hot water, unlike some other guests in previous posts. I'd stay at The Allerton again in a heart beat. I'm sure they'll keep improving as they get feedback.
My husband and I loved this place and I will definitely be staying at Chicago's Downtown Hotel. The Champagne bar, pool, stairways, lounge, wine bar, and hot tubs were my only plus points - the great menu is a near $200 a night when searching online. The staff is almost always good, even within a 7 min walk of our rooms - stay your tickets if you feel that they need something on an extra charge. One note: there are 6 hotel suites in a 1 bedroom suite and 6 others. Look up what the rooms cost in your room and write down what they do. Wifi required. $300 a night for free. (I wasn't informed that they had checked in for $200). I liked the convenience of the room and the concierge service they provided me as well. Even with my husband's complaints, the hotel is a pleasant city stop.
I liked this place! We stayed for a wedding in December & the Allerton staff were really fun, and professional! The ballroom on the top floor is absolutely beautiful, but can feel a little small when there are lots of guests. I was sweatin' on the dance floor & bumping into everyone, so maybe it's better for a small wedding but we all had fun. Beautiful room though. Wedding organizer should have handled the reception bar set-up better too for a hotel on THE Michigan Avenue. It took a while to get a drink because there was only one bar for so many people.Another thing that could have been improved on was the main/only entrance. It's just an entrance with no grandeur, but when you get up to the 3rd floor the hotel comes to life.  The elevators are ridiculously slow. It's an old, historic hotel though, so if you know that going in, the quirks are really endearing.P.S.   My bed was great! So comfortable, and the room was small but clean and well-decorated. Room size was not a big deal. It was comfortable, pretty, & clean, AND I had hot water, unlike some other guests in previous posts. I'd stay at The Allerton again in a heart beat. I'm sure they'll keep improving as they get feedback.
I liked this place! We stayed for a wedding in December & the Allerton staff were really fun, and professional! The ballroom on the top floor is absolutely beautiful, but can feel a little small when there are lots of guests. I was sweatin' on the dance floor & bumping into everyone, so maybe it's better for a small wedding but we all had fun. Beautiful room though. Wedding organizer should have handled the reception bar set-up better too for a hotel on THE Michigan Avenue. It took a while to get a drink because there was only one bar for so many people.Another thing that could have been improved on was the main/only entrance. It's just an entrance with no grandeur, but when you get up to the 3rd floor the hotel comes to life.  The elevators are ridiculously slow. It's an old, historic hotel though, so if you know that going in, the quirks are really endearing.P.S.   My bed was great! So comfortable, and the room was small but clean and well-decorated. Room size was not a big deal. It was comfortable, pretty, & clean, AND I had hot water, unlike some other guests in previous posts. I'd stay at The Allerton again in a heart beat. I'm sure they'll keep improving as they get feedback.
I liked this place! We stayed for a wedding in December & the Allerton staff were really fun, and professional! The ballroom on the top floor is absolutely beautiful, but can feel a little small when there are lots of guests. I was sweatin' on the dance floor & bumping into everyone, so maybe it's better for a small wedding but we all had fun. Beautiful room though. Wedding organizer should have handled the reception bar set-up better too for a hotel on THE Michigan Avenue. It took a while to get a drink because there was only one bar for so many people.Another thing that could have been improved on was the main/only entrance. It's just an entrance with no grandeur, but when you get up to the 3rd floor the hotel comes to life.  The elevators are ridiculously slow. It's an old, historic hotel though, so if you know that going in, the quirks are really endearing.P.S.   My bed was great! So comfortable, and the room was small but clean and well-decorated. Room size was not a big deal. It was comfortable, pretty, & clean, AND I had hot water, unlike some other guests in previous posts. I'd stay at The Allerton again in a heart beat. I'm sure they'll keep improving as they get feedback.
As I said in previous review for their spa,wow...i couldn't ask for more..got my self an upgrade to the exec level and it happen to be a huge suite..did not expect that..was thinking of a 1 room  but no...huge living room with a nice bar, 12 chairs dinning room table..i know right? 2 baths....i felt like a king, there was a slight view of state street but because i was in meeting all day long didn't had time to enjoy as much as i wanted. went to their gym with my free pass from my massage they i had and i was in shock..boy do they have a huge gym..i have been in many hotels..this one is one of the most luxurios..i liked their treadmills, you have a tv on each machine and i think they had like 20 treadmills mixed with elipticals bikes and some other cardio equipment. like the spa, the receptionist got me a tour and explained all the details, etc..i must feel important for those. anyway after fitness i asked the concierge where can i go for some drinks and she gave me some good options and good discounts too...overall as you can see my experience was a WOW FACTOR one..great deal and time at the rooftop pool.very a nice city experience.. not sure if i will consider staying there again next year but i hope so :)
As I said in previous review for their spa,wow...i couldn't ask for more..got my self an upgrade to the exec level and it happen to be a huge suite..did not expect that..was thinking of a 1 room  but no...huge living room with a nice bar, 12 chairs dinning room table..i know right? 2 baths....i felt like a king, there was a slight view of state street but because i was in meeting all day long didn't had time to enjoy as much as i wanted. went to their gym with my free pass from my massage they i had and i was in shock..boy do they have a huge gym..i have been in many hotels..this one is one of the most luxurios..i liked their treadmills, you have a tv on each machine and i think they had like 20 treadmills mixed with elipticals bikes and some other cardio equipment. like the spa, the receptionist got me a tour and explained all the details, etc..i must feel important for those. anyway after fitness i asked the concierge where can i go for some drinks and she gave me some good options and good discounts too...overall as you can see my experience was a WOW FACTOR one..because i stay here now usually i eat at my favorite restaurants and see local celebrities for my area...i made it the Mile to the Top and had my favorite rooftop bar..that's an even better proof..oh i guess a shower curtain was the towel cup holder so i was already checking my bags to see if there was one in that tub..i got disappointed in myself..i was surprised to find out that the free of charge buffet at the restaurant was more than 99% vegetarian, all in all was a nice experience.if i would stay here again i would recommend the Marriott...one thing i would conside
Hello Love the location, great location, great service, easy starting point, great room options, great bar, awesome glass you cant have everything here..great place for hook up....go.no problem.i had reservations for this place for just $40. This place is fantastic
As I said in previous review for their spa,wow...i couldn't ask for more..got my self an upgrade to the exec level and it happen to be a huge suite..did not expect that..was thinking of a 1 room  but no...huge living room with a nice bar, 12 chairs dinning room table..i know right? 2 baths....i felt like a king, there was a slight view of state street but because i was in meeting all day long didn't had time to enjoy as much as i wanted. went to their gym with my free pass from my massage they i had and i was in shock..boy do they have a huge gym..i have been in many hotels..this one is one of the most luxurios..i liked their treadmills, you have a tv on each machine and i think they had like 20 treadmills mixed with elipticals bikes and some other cardio equipment. like the spa, the receptionist got me a tour and explained all the details, etc..i must feel important for those. anyway after fitness i asked the concierge where can i go for some drinks and she gave me some good options and good discounts too...overall as you can see my experience was a WOW FACTOR one..you dont need a massage, but a night out with friends!
As I said in previous review for their spa,wow...i couldn't ask for more..got my self an upgrade to the exec level and it happen to be a huge suite..did not expect that..was thinking of a 1 room  but no...huge living room with a nice bar, 12 chairs dinning room table..i know right? 2 baths....i felt like a king, there was a slight view of state street but because i was in meeting all day long didn't had time to enjoy as much as i wanted. went to their gym with my free pass from my massage they i had and i was in shock..boy do they have a huge gym..i have been in many hotels..this one is one of the most luxurios..i liked their treadmills, you have a tv on each machine and i think they had like 20 treadmills mixed with elipticals bikes and some other cardio equipment. like the spa, the receptionist got me a tour and explained all the details, etc..i must feel important for those. anyway after fitness i asked the concierge where can i go for some drinks and she gave me some good options and good discounts too...overall as you can see my experience was a WOW FACTOR one..you cant miss the concierge.at the end of the day  she gave me suggestions for restaurant,  location, etc..i was that pleased..i could come back and I would be more than happy with my experience. i'll definately be back..going to stay at the Rockland Hotel later
We stayed at Rockland last weekend. The location was perfect, the staff was friendly, and the room was very clean. Booked their cheapest suite as $59-81-2.50 (yikes). The kids in the room were extremely creative and the rest of us were extremely gratified at how creative they were. Additionally, for that price we had great products: "Memories" candles, small plates, wallpaper, paper towels, just about everything else you'd expect. However, I want to stress that at this price point you need to wait a while. I still believe in Best Buy, but like you the drop-off is a $15-50 price to stay here. If you are the type of person who is never happy, then we will only be returning.
Nice hotel, but I didn't get there. The free lunch is awesome. There is a lot of beautiful old hotel art in the lobby but overall it looks small compared to other walking rooms. There is no basketball hoop for either team, instead being spread out and zipped up while the TV is playing. It was close to a hotel with gym and coffee shops. Every car is a vehicle rental with some bookings in the back. Hotel parking is expensive in Chicago but on my journey from Chicago I was able to get a good 5 minutes in one room. Parking in the East Side of the city was a tad pricey, but the actual cost is just under $100 a day. Parking is fairly cheap in downtown but they do add a tiny extra $10 to the price and they have to wait around to put you in there overnight so don't expect that. Also the manager, the pssst, doesn't seem to like his job at all.  It's not easy being a manager in the West and their sales and kitchen staff seem to care little about shopping for housework in the city.It also seems that people don't enjoy staying in the Hyatt hotel. One particular room was in the lobby with three tiny (really tiny) doors, making it feel like the lobby was tiny.I did not expect any more from Hotel Chicago, the beds did not have room for a king size bed, the bathrooms were dirty, and some aspects of the site were simply a bit too far away from actual hotel.  Most of all, the rooms looked absolutely terrible and ruined.They should have addressed this problem early.  And with this review, only in small print, don't forget that they've fixed the problem here with these kind of "fixes".  The pillows of the king size bed had been damaged, and every gues
I bought this hotel for my aunt at Wedding Weekend back in 2011 and had some great experience while exploring Chicago's beautiful cityscape. From the pool in the hall across from the 20th floor to the historic Wacker Memorial Park tower across the street, the Hotel Indigo is delightful. In addition, the historic lobby is conveniently located in the heart of downtown as well as downtown itself. A look around the hotel and one thing is for sure - room service is better than ever at this hotel. The star of the show for us was the 24hr central waiting room (not sure of the other models but they are certainly the best). Room service was extremely fast and convenient.  It had a great view of Lake Michigan, gorgeous lakes, and stunning views of the skyline. At the other end of the service line, in the lobby sat a great view of the South Loop. I enjoyed being able to get a pool and ate fresh seafood from the restaurant menu. I felt super lucky that I had such a small size room to party so much with! Finally, just about everywhere else in the building, a great rooftop pool is available and we arrived a bit early to get our showers. Again, the hotel definitely deserves a special mention.
Great place for couples! Here are the basic rules I took from each guest's experience at the Inn.  Great views!  Room was very large, etc.  Clean toilets, clean water!  Two bathroom beds.  Catering should be at least slightly compensated for the workers' effort, so my husband and I thought we could use some.  The only thing I am particularly unimpressed by is the place's breakfast buffet.  Of course, when I checked it out, I immediately upgraded my reservation.  Even a small business that has 600 employees per month looks awful compared to my $28/day hotels.
When working with this gym, we were put through quite a bit of stress over staying there during my trip. The opening of this gym was really bad and the entire process was very stressful. We thought we would get a very clean, comfortable, stylish, gym where we could comfortably finish the day without any wake-up issues. Not so. The cardio was incredibly over-the-top and always lacking. I spoke with one of the gym's trainers who obviously took the time to help with the treatment. The next morning, I was awakened and there were a plethora of stern and hysterical calls about the gym's 'kitsch' and activity level.  Most of the complaints were of what seems to be a poor understanding of basic training. This is something that came across quite early in our journey, as with many other fitness programs out there. I figured the heart of the matter was simply being put through a forum and we had no time to think it through and wasn't going to come up with a plan. After checking out the gym, we went to it a few days later, with no problem.  It's alright, the gym was clean and pretty free-standing, and the water levels were well below what you could expect in a gym of this size and shape. When checking out the spa, I was disappointed, as this really didn't look like much better than I expected.  I would definately stay here again, and give this gym a try again.  Parking is a little pricey but very pleasant.  There are two down escalators on one side of the building and it is a shame they also didn't have a curb signal.
This was a very nice and young building (1840's). It was of great historic significance to its scene. The lobby was just gorgeous.  The ceilings were small and everything was just right, but I was not sure what to expect in the house of the NY Times.  Most of the furniture you see in the lobby was from the "good old days". The other big thing that I have to mention: there is a coffee maker at the table.  No coffee maker here.  If you need to make coffee without coffee maker, get a coffee maker (acutely located near the hotel).  This place is clean, but that is unless you are always very hungry (that is if you are traveling).  Speaking of caffeine... I highly recommend that you avoid the Starbucks at this point.  If you have a friend who lives near this building, you know that they are practically wiping out the downtown neighborhood and planning for the rest of their lives.  Don't travel outside of the winter/spring/summer season... remember, there are NO convenient Starbucks in the downtown area!  All you get from this crappy coffee machine is the amount of smoke it burns.  The room is small.  On the inside, the walls have stains on some walls and a leather note hanging on the wall.  They've also replaced that filet mignon with a cheap paperless, crepe-thin paper notebook.  The elevator up the elevator is a little... slow.  Yes, the stairs are narrow.  But, for the price of $100, it is worth it.  Only 30 minutes to a 90 minute walk, in the back room, and parking is off limits.
The chef in the bar  is so perfect!! It was great to enjoy a run with friends during the weekend, and was too busy getting ready for the workday to check out the front desk (at the restaurant). My husband and I stopped by one of the hot spots - the Upper Bar (sorry to hear we only stayed there two nights).  We had dinner there, and were so impressed we jumped on the elevator to find him running the bar at the end of the first floor - he was so fantastic.  We checked out for us, too - I had just given up on my dream of staying at a landmark hotel when we were told the opening of the Liberty Park was coming soon.  Right when we got to the hotel, the name 'Tobacco House' hung on the walls. They were super expensive and the first time I heard about them, I thought I'd have to try them.  I can't remember when they first opened - the first place we checked out was when we booked for our wedding in 1993.  On the first day, we experienced a 23-degree heat, requiring about $300 to warm up.  We were fine, they had a nice fridge, and no noise, but we also noticed that when we turned around, their lights did not dim...but when we asked them to turn the lights back on, the doors came open and they stuck out their tongue.  We requested a refund via the service section, but they said no. We don't live in Chicago, so that would be fine too.  We can finally stay here again. All this good business started when we had a week of free wi-fi and a home internet connection to use. Not only did it get the event going, it
I stayed at the Drake Hotel for four nights while attending a meeting that met in the hotel. I found the decor beautiful and the service excellent, particularly that of the concierge staff.  Staying at the Drake was a wonderful experience!  That said, I know from personal experience that most hotel suites are thin and this was definitely not the case.  I love this place!  It's a nice little package for breakfast in the night, and is warm with all the things I love in Chicago - vintage furniture, vintage furniture, and family friendly cocktails and clubs.  We stayed at the Lourdes Restaurant from 9:00 pm till 5:30 pm and our table was very small.  The only drawback was that it was a hardwood floors.  You could hear the life-long sounds of rock, rock, and foam whenever you stepped out of the window.  We spent about 45 minutes cleaning up and cleaning it every 20 minutes.  We returned about 2 hours later.  I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who travels to Chicago.  Book your room here for a great price
My first trip to Chicago and I wanted a boutique hotel.  I wasn't disappointed what so ever.  I stayed in the apt king suite and was impressed with the cleanliness and when I wanted a DVD to watch a movie they came and hooked it up.  I booked on-line and had listed my preferences such as high room level, extra pillows and all those were taken care of upon my arrival.  Friendly staff!  The location is perfect as Trader Joe's and Starbucks are across the street.  There is a steakhouse a block up, and magnificent mile is two blocks away.  There is a grocery store a couple of clocks away as well.  I tried two other hotels and nothing compares to the James which is why I am returning in two weeks...love this hotel!
Love this hotel! Our first visit to Chicago was really great and it is almost as if we were there on vacation! The room, the rooms and service are phenomenal. The spa, restaurant, computers all looked great! The staff is top notch and really wants to impress!
This hotel deserves a 4 star rating from the majority of its review because of the location. I stayed here one night and this was it. The staff was very attentive and helpful. The bathroom is also fantastic. I loved every moment. The quality of the views across the lake is priceless. I thought they would provide a luxury spa for the older  retirees in the area. The staff and and the whole day service was exceptional! The hotel has excellent customer service, "last minute" pick up and drop offs, etc. which was great. Could not go wrong with this hotel. Thank you, Marty.
My first trip to Chicago and I wanted a boutique hotel.  I wasn't disappointed what so ever.  I stayed in the apt king suite and was impressed with the cleanliness and when I wanted a DVD to watch a movie they came and hooked it up.  I booked on-line and had listed my preferences such as high room level, extra pillows and all those were taken care of upon my arrival.  Friendly staff!  The location is perfect as Trader Joe's and Starbucks are across the street.  There is a steakhouse a block up, and magnificent mile is two blocks away.  There is a grocery store a couple of clocks away as well.  I tried two other hotels and nothing compares to the James which is why I am returning in two weeks...love this hotel!
great room  made the choice in front of me This was the first hotel in Chicago to feature a club during my stay. After getting my insurance and really enjoying the decor of the building I'm not sure what I should be giving up...staying here today despite the incredible views is great!  it was great fun to sneak around in a first class room for a few drinks and watch movies.  I'm not sure what to make of the Hotel Northwestern and its partner hotels (with stunning views, outdoor seating, awesome restaurants, great locations, etc.) Plus, the views were pretty incredible. The next morning after lunch, after walking across the street I found out there was a gift shop at the corner. When I returned, I discovered they had delivered my luggage so that felt great.  I'll definitely be returning soon. Overall it was a great trip from Chicago!!
Wasn't expecting much. Not a looker (at the time) so I figured they knew more about hotel renovations. When I arrived, I was disappointed that they didn't even include any shuttle service. I waited about 15 minutes and decided that as well as taxi and walk-in (as well as food service) the hotel was downstairs. But when I got on the elevators, it began raining for quite some time and I wasn't going anywhere. I pulled up to the front desk to call the front desk to get back in line and they did. Although I was trying to answer the phone and got a cold shower, they hadn't bothered to get me a towel (lol). I was on the 4th floor and out of my mind. They didn't even send me a
My first trip to Chicago and I wanted a boutique hotel.  I wasn't disappointed what so ever.  I stayed in the apt king suite and was impressed with the cleanliness and when I wanted a DVD to watch a movie they came and hooked it up.  I booked on-line and had listed my preferences such as high room level, extra pillows and all those were taken care of upon my arrival.  Friendly staff!  The location is perfect as Trader Joe's and Starbucks are across the street.  There is a steakhouse a block up, and magnificent mile is two blocks away.  There is a grocery store a couple of clocks away as well.  I tried two other hotels and nothing compares to the James which is why I am returning in two weeks...love this hotel!
You don't find a better hotel around here than Chicago Marriott Chicago is now considering.  First time I checked in this week I was so excited to try my luck and finally checked out this week the king suite in the morning!  It's a nice room full of comfy, comfortable, modern furniture and I loved the service as much as the couple that treated me a little nicer and left the hotel feeling safe, even at night.  Since I've never really stayed here before, I feel like I've never had a chance to compare the accommodations of this well-kept king suite to the old or the modern hotels surrounding it.  The room was spacious and well-balanced (not much noise or cramping was ever recorded, or anything that wasn't typical from the old hotels) and easy to clean.  Highly recommend these beds.   Also, I couldn't have asked for a better room in a high end hotel.
Terrible! I've never stayed a Hilton before, and we stayed in a king suite. The service was terrible. Rooms were okay, beds were sloped, the food was shit. The white pillows were in the front page of food trucks all day long. The bedding is just clean. The room is lined with closets and the yellow wall was bare when we checked in. If I stayed at another hotel I'd opt for this one because the lobby is beautiful and we all assumed the queens from these shows were pretty helpful in working the phones and answering e-mails. Just tell me otherwise. The bathrooms are off opening to lazy maintenance, no shower of any sort and to the point where we had to have the
My first trip to Chicago and I wanted a boutique hotel.  I wasn't disappointed what so ever.  I stayed in the apt king suite and was impressed with the cleanliness and when I wanted a DVD to watch a movie they came and hooked it up.  I booked on-line and had listed my preferences such as high room level, extra pillows and all those were taken care of upon my arrival.  Friendly staff!  The location is perfect as Trader Joe's and Starbucks are across the street.  There is a steakhouse a block up, and magnificent mile is two blocks away.  There is a grocery store a couple of clocks away as well.  I tried two other hotels and nothing compares to the James which is why I am returning in two weeks...love this hotel!
I truly loved the location on-site with the historical abundance and connected location throughout.  However, I feel like a cheap crowd.  The main bathroom here is completely overpriced.  I would recommend checking out The Butler House at somewhere in the neighborhood.  The Holiday Inn is charming but overpriced. Parking is frustrating.  We won't be coming back to our existing location again.
Either I have had comparably great experiences at other hotels in Chicago or this one was exceedingly dismal.  The staff are not refined but then again it is not like I threw out the cash for a refined experience.  My biggest issue with the hotel was the shower.  The bathroom was dark and the plumbing made awful noises when you flushed or turned on the shower.  Not to mention the rusty, moldy, and dirty looking tub.  Upgrades are very much needed.  However, the view was not too shabby.  This is not my type of hotel but if you like to visit history you will not be disappointed.
This is my second time visiting Chicago - this time I'm staying with my wife and 2 other kids, and these are some of my favorite spots to get a treat! First of all I wanted to say, - great service, magnificent decor, and amazing comfy beds!  But, my wife was a bit stupider than I expected, and I quickly felt like my bed couldn't hold her.  She loved this place - simple, clean, and we were sure we wouldn't notice! Secondly, and more importantly - truly, and finally, and most importantly, - fabulous rates!  The Indigo Kitty is a mid-sized couple suite with a huge bed, but plenty of room to accomodate more large families!  Up front, you will enjoy view of the city, skyline, surrounding restaurants, restaurants, bars, etc. All without disrupting your night life or your good mood! All in all, there are about 60 rooms in the hotel, all overlooking Chicago or downtown! Excellent value for your dollar for a room!
Just enjoyed my 2nd visit to Chicago, be sure to check out #17 on http://travelgreattraveltips.com.  Nicely designed modern beds, great location, rooms and service.  My husband said he wished we had more space in the back and that we didn't have to worry about his poor water level.   Plus, he got really into his club a bit more than usual.
Either I have had comparably great experiences at other hotels in Chicago or this one was exceedingly dismal.  The staff are not refined but then again it is not like I threw out the cash for a refined experience.  My biggest issue with the hotel was the shower.  The bathroom was dark and the plumbing made awful noises when you flushed or turned on the shower.  Not to mention the rusty, moldy, and dirty looking tub.  Upgrades are very much needed.  However, the view was not too shabby.  I found the little wooden door that is at the top of the bed to be a bit of a convenience.  I would not recommend this place as it is currently planning renovations.
Okay! Well, here's what to expect.First, we were given a membership and then some gifts.  We had no idea we'd need to book online for the event.  All in all, the layout of the hotel is a bummer, the service sucked, and they thought the info we provided was helpful to help us with our purchase.  Don't be so kind.  Lots of people have been disappointed with this Hotel.  We'd love a second suite in the castle.  Which they really can't wait to get out of the way.To get us one (now $500!), we had to leave our "hotel bed" which looked like a spare bedroom in a creepy place.  It was definitely expensive, but we had no choice but to stay there.  The hotel had tons of options and when we called back, we were told that they had no room service.  They could have created a shuttle service or transferred us an off road bus to a bus company.  We were torn and I won't be returning.  So, assuming they decide to use some unlicensed bus service, I guess they'll pay for our transportation.  Another option was to let the booking service pick up the hotel.  The service itself was terrible, but that was the only situation we had with them.Finally, we went to our room.  The bed wasn't big enough or comfortable, but it was lined with pillows and pillows with firm, laid out pillows.  Which not only reduced our need for an extra bed but also offered a nice romantic feel.  The room was all of the standard hotels I've ever been to and there are plenty of "socialized" rooms around.  Overall,
Either I have had comparably great experiences at other hotels in Chicago or this one was exceedingly dismal.  The staff are not refined but then again it is not like I threw out the cash for a refined experience.  My biggest issue with the hotel was the shower.  The bathroom was dark and the plumbing made awful noises when you flushed or turned on the shower.  Not to mention the rusty, moldy, and dirty looking tub.  Upgrades are very much needed.  However, the view was not too shabby.  But honestly the poor service of the hotel as an upscale rest stop might account for the city lagging in the hotel's reputation.  Perhaps this is why I turned away from the Forland Plaza Hyatt Regency once I moved in.  The air conditioning is great, but you really need to stay at the hotel instead of the Windy City Hyatt.I came across this Travel Pick-Up & Win Book recently and I really enjoyed it.  It is convenient and the staff are helpful, but they are also very pleasant and helpful.  Food is the best I've eaten in Chicago.  I stayed here for two days of  Chicago's Best A la Carte.  I ate there for dinner that afternoon and ate everything there.  I really enjoyed my stay in Chicago and was very pleased with the way the Catering and Security provided food for the free valet who I called to report her concern and offered to refund the hotel's  purchase price.  We also tried to visit some of the boutique hotels within walking distance of the city.We sat down at the front desk of our hotel and requested a steak dinner.  From what we had heard they were not catering to the demand for steaks and wanted us to simply rate them on our information as a res
Either I have had comparably great experiences at other hotels in Chicago or this one was exceedingly dismal.  The staff are not refined but then again it is not like I threw out the cash for a refined experience.  My biggest issue with the hotel was the shower.  The bathroom was dark and the plumbing made awful noises when you flushed or turned on the shower.  Not to mention the rusty, moldy, and dirty looking tub.  Upgrades are very much needed.  However, the view was not too shabby.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  They may never do another coffee aficionado's dream!  I had a wonderful time.
I rented a hotel room for my boyfriends birthday. I got the room last minute at a great price but the hotels service can be much improved. The room was amazing, very clean, the bathroom stylish as can be! However I was running late and needed help decorating the room with roses and candles and when I called the front desk the concierge couldn't do nothing for me other than except flowers I ordered to the hotel which I had no time to do either way as it was late. I asked if they can possibly help put some candles in the room and they stated they were a smoke free hotel. I had to rush to downtown and do everything myself. In the morning I called the front desk to see if they had Advil and the lady said "Umm no. We have a pharmacy behind the hotel" very inconvenient I taught for a hotel in the middle of downtown Chicago. As far as how beautiful the hotel is- the decorations are to die for. Even the fountain runs down- was we lucky that the roses didn't have to be stapled over the "Severus" walls, they were painted over by Madison, my mother but they still show up. So awesome, so much so, so nice- thanks again to MyBestStuff.com, of course. (sorry, have not posted this because of the poor customer service that they have had to work with every other time I try to book an afternoon room!) I don't mind spending some time here in the spring after all, but I'll be keeping an eye on the other little things here in Chicago.
I just read the review below and I couldn't disagree more. It's really a shame that this woman had such a horrible experience because my husband and I had a WONDERFUL time. I usually don't spend my time writing reviews but I had to get on my soapbox with this one...This hotel is a dream! I can't even comprehend how much detail and effort went into renovating this place. The neighborhood has some of Chicago's oldest and marvelous mansions and if you are a fan of architecture, the Glessner House is right around the corner. We stayed because my husband was attending a convention at McCormick center, but this hotel goes beyond convenience. The service was  A+ and then some. The nice lady at the front desk went above and beyond suggesting some great activities and even a golf course in the suburbs for my husband and his business partner. The city's subway is about a 20 minute walk, but it was a great opportunity to marvel at some of the neighborhood's historic buildings. Chinatown is very close too and we had a great experience at Tony Hu's Lao Sze Chuan. Also a recommendation by the lady at the hotel. (I'm so sorry I can't remember her name! Sorry!) The room we stayed in on the third floor was a-mazing. Sophisticated and very clean, amazing artwork and decor and a super modern, state of the art bathroom.  Well worth it! We will definitely be back next year!! I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who is interested in having a great stay.
I just read the review below and I couldn't disagree more. It's really a shame that this woman had such a horrible experience because my husband and I had a WONDERFUL time. I usually don't spend my time writing reviews but I had to get on my soapbox with this one...This hotel is a dream! I can't even comprehend how much detail and effort went into renovating this place. The neighborhood has some of Chicago's oldest and marvelous mansions and if you are a fan of architecture, the Glessner House is right around the corner. We stayed because my husband was attending a convention at McCormick center, but this hotel goes beyond convenience. The service was  A+ and then some. The nice lady at the front desk went above and beyond suggesting some great activities and even a golf course in the suburbs for my husband and his business partner. The city's subway is about a 20 minute walk, but it was a great opportunity to marvel at some of the neighborhood's historic buildings. Chinatown is very close too and we had a great experience at Tony Hu's Lao Sze Chuan. Also a recommendation by the lady at the hotel. (I'm so sorry I can't remember her name! Sorry!) The room we stayed in on the third floor was a-mazing. Sophisticated and very clean, amazing artwork and decor and a super modern, state of the art bathroom.  Well worth it! We will definitely be back next year!!
I'm checking this place out because I've been staying at this area several times. It's obviously smaller than many others and has much nicer staff, amenities, and great shopping. The price varies based on what you want - you get 4 suites, one with a small breakfast and an upstairs room with a bar. Its like breakfast in your living room. The furniture and decor are great. Nice price, great location.
Bed perfectly. 4 stars but they say a bathroom is the perfect "snow doll"  but don't expect comfort. Staff are spectacular and keep you up to date. Rooms are small, to the point that every room has a drawer and your husband's bed looks pretty comfy. Everyone around you had great conversation with my husband and the conversation is super helpful. We went to Starbucks and at 6pm, only two people there! The center to the front desk totally played dead silent! Parking is nice
I just read the review below and I couldn't disagree more. It's really a shame that this woman had such a horrible experience because my husband and I had a WONDERFUL time. I usually don't spend my time writing reviews but I had to get on my soapbox with this one...This hotel is a dream! I can't even comprehend how much detail and effort went into renovating this place. The neighborhood has some of Chicago's oldest and marvelous mansions and if you are a fan of architecture, the Glessner House is right around the corner. We stayed because my husband was attending a convention at McCormick center, but this hotel goes beyond convenience. The service was  A+ and then some. The nice lady at the front desk went above and beyond suggesting some great activities and even a golf course in the suburbs for my husband and his business partner. The city's subway is about a 20 minute walk, but it was a great opportunity to marvel at some of the neighborhood's historic buildings. Chinatown is very close too and we had a great experience at Tony Hu's Lao Sze Chuan. Also a recommendation by the lady at the hotel. (I'm so sorry I can't remember her name! Sorry!) The room we stayed in on the third floor was a-mazing. Sophisticated and very clean, amazing artwork and decor and a super modern, state of the art bathroom.  Well worth it! We will definitely be back next year!!
I just read the review below and I couldn't disagree more. It's really a shame that this woman had such a horrible experience because my husband and I had a WONDERFUL time. I usually don't spend my time writing reviews but I had to get on my soapbox with this one...This hotel is a dream! I can't even comprehend how much detail and effort went into renovating this place. The neighborhood has some of Chicago's oldest and marvelous mansions and if you are a fan of architecture, the Glessner House is right around the corner. We stayed because my husband was attending a convention at McCormick center, but this hotel goes beyond convenience. The service was  A+ and then some. The nice lady at the front desk went above and beyond suggesting some great activities and even a golf course in the suburbs for my husband and his business partner. The city's subway is about a 20 minute walk, but it was a great opportunity to marvel at some of the neighborhood's historic buildings. Chinatown is very close too and we had a great experience at Tony Hu's Lao Sze Chuan. Also a recommendation by the lady at the hotel. (I'm so sorry I can't remember her name! Sorry!) The room we stayed in on the third floor was a-mazing. Sophisticated and very clean, amazing artwork and decor and a super modern, state of the art bathroom.  Well worth it! We will definitely be back next year!!
Shopping for travel/overland/overworld my husband and I felt a few things about our hotel. First, our rooms were spacious and no one else was too comfortable, so our coworkers had to sit down, stand up and turn around and take pictures. But the rest was pleasant. The bathroom in our room was clearly huge, thanks to the multi-functional heating and nook. We also had our way with one of the many large rooms which cost half the price at the Crowne Plaza. The hallway outside the hotel was thoroughly enjoyable. The views in the area are lovely. The room reception desk is very accommodating.  There are parking lots in downtown, in addition to some neighborhood attractions. Everything felt very professional and has been renovated. The gym was nice. The chairs were soft and well laid. The ladders were comfortable and bright. Very nice space.
I travel weekly, so finding a home away from home is challenging.  I initially made my reservation in April, before the opening and was skeptical.  When I arrived, I was sent to another hotel for one night due to over booking.  Despite a bit of inconvenience at the beginning, this hotel did an outstanding job of accommodating me when I returned.  The rooms are outstanding.  The service is friendly and professional.  The fitness and yoga studio far exceeded my expectations.I'm booked to go back in October.  This is my Chicago home away from home.
I love how pretty it looks!!  Great location! This is definitely not a second floor hotel!!! I'm definitely revisiting Chicago when I go on the 50th anniversary trip!
I love Chicago! My husband and I had a fabulous evening in Chicago and couldn't be happier!  We spent much of our time here celebrating our 50th wedding anniversary, including...the bullringing! Our ceremony was a beautiful, thoughtful and fun.  I was super impressed with all the little details! We had a great time on the room's back so that didn't make the experience any less impressive.  The bride/groom were so gracious, welcoming and understanding!  The rest of the guests appreciated their time and appreciated our beautiful guests' hospitality! Their family and I enjoyed the restaurant, but I'll have to agree with what they said: we liked a hotel where it was still a classic Chicago. And I'll say this: don't ever leave your house until you decide to do something else, even if you're busy with a big day to celebrate your wedding anniversary.  If you enjoy the hospitality of this boutique hotel, tell a friend and show them what you think about that boutique hotel experience! Staff, great locations, friendly staff, complimentary drinks, free movies, and activities! Worth the wait!  Our pets are very friendly and we try to be kind to our customers. Also, we went to the same bar all the time, which is a great way to get around a lot.
I travel weekly, so finding a home away from home is challenging.  I initially made my reservation in April, before the opening and was skeptical.  When I arrived, I was sent to another hotel for one night due to over booking.  Despite a bit of inconvenience at the beginning, this hotel did an outstanding job of accommodating me when I returned.  The rooms are outstanding.  The service is friendly and professional.  The fitness and yoga studio far exceeded my expectations.I'm booked to go back in October.  This is my Chicago home away from home.
I travel weekly, so finding a home away from home is challenging.  I initially made my reservation in April, before the opening and was skeptical.  When I arrived, I was sent to another hotel for one night due to over booking.  Despite a bit of inconvenience at the beginning, this hotel did an outstanding job of accommodating me when I returned.  The rooms are outstanding.  The service is friendly and professional.  The fitness and yoga studio far exceeded my expectations.I'm booked to go back in October.  This is my Chicago home away from home.  The hotel is pretty efficient, but under the billing is another 4-star hotel which is out of the question.  Which is a bad choice.Do not stay here.  Avoid it.<|endoftext|>
I travel weekly, so finding a home away from home is challenging.  I initially made my reservation in April, before the opening and was skeptical.  When I arrived, I was sent to another hotel for one night due to over booking.  Despite a bit of inconvenience at the beginning, this hotel did an outstanding job of accommodating me when I returned.  The rooms are outstanding.  The service is friendly and professional.  The fitness and yoga studio far exceeded my expectations.I'm booked to go back in October.  This is my Chicago home away from home. I appreciate the choice, I have two more children and wish them all the best in their lives.
Nice work  We loved staying here. One thing I expected was a smaller bed size and this place got that.  The bed is super comfy and a nice touch. On the bright side, we didn't have to sleep in the entire room, since there was enough room to sit in. When we moved into the kitchen, however, I noticed something was off about the computer.  Apparently the other staff members just complained to me so that I could ask them to get a little more work done.We got home and enjoyed ourselves quite a bit. You know, I usually just watch cartoons for entertainment.  We ordered some chips at the corner of the hall and tried to pick up their chips at the right time. However, the chips were overpriced. One of the guys in charge said, "I need chips now, so the other workers got a couple of dollars for free."I guess we were small but to expect that on the whole.
I love the staff and I would stay here again. A friend and I were not too impressed with the basic rooms. From the opening we found out that the bathroom had completely screwed up the aisles so the phone would ring when called. All I wanted was a decent bed, breakfast, snacks and room service. BEWARE: Not only are the rooms noisy, they have a built in bathtub that closes the bath in the front without a fan either. I can hear the "all the way through the walls" music because that is way
Expensive hotel with no amenities. Crappy staff at the Concierge desk. Maps in the rooms directory books didn't include any floor above the 5th I was on the 14th floor. "Historical" means small and old here and not always in a good way. Bathroom was micro sized. Bath tub drain was plugged. One dresser drawer broke apart in my hand when I opened it.Windows opened but had no screens. And I do believe this is the only Hilton that does not offer coffee in the room. I won't send my worst enemy to this hotel. Stay anywhere but here!
Expensive hotel with no amenities. Crappy staff at the Concierge desk. Maps in the rooms directory books didn't include any floor above the 5th I was on the 14th floor. "Historical" means small and old here and not always in a good way. Bathroom was micro sized. Bath tub drain was plugged. One dresser drawer broke apart in my hand when I opened it.Windows opened but had no screens. And I do believe this is the only Hilton that does not offer coffee in the room. I won't send my worst enemy to this hotel. Stay anywhere but here!
Very close to O'Hare as they have a pool! For the price, this hotel I stayed at had a room size pool. I liked the location. I love the "H" shape so much! Really great staff
Expensive hotel with no amenities. Crappy staff at the Concierge desk. Maps in the rooms directory books didn't include any floor above the 5th I was on the 14th floor. "Historical" means small and old here and not always in a good way. Bathroom was micro sized. Bath tub drain was plugged. One dresser drawer broke apart in my hand when I opened it.Windows opened but had no screens. And I do believe this is the only Hilton that does not offer coffee in the room. I won't send my worst enemy to this hotel. Stay anywhere but here!
Nice price point (especially considering the price of the renovated airport train). I love European breakfast and dinner here. We spoke to one of the staff before boarding the train, and it turned out that everyone was a little different. I'll admit, I had never eaten at the Steamer before we settled in. In fact, I wasn't even sure how I even got to the hotel, and the rooms were so tiny and clunky that I didn't even realize I was there at all. It's rare that I'm so much used to the hotel, and it wasn't until one day we were to pick up our packages that we truly found out why our bad luck led us to have to go there.  We would have stayed right around the corner from the great spire hotel which is the world's top-rated train station. They had not only rooms and lots of happy hour options, but they did so by hosting the best international shopping in Chicago, among the top luxury shopping destinations in the world.  Don't get me wrong, it's the best Chicago shopping! It's why we stayed here so frequently!
Expensive hotel with no amenities. Crappy staff at the Concierge desk. Maps in the rooms directory books didn't include any floor above the 5th I was on the 14th floor. "Historical" means small and old here and not always in a good way. Bathroom was micro sized. Bath tub drain was plugged. One dresser drawer broke apart in my hand when I opened it.Windows opened but had no screens. And I do believe this is the only Hilton that does not offer coffee in the room. I won't send my worst enemy to this hotel. Stay anywhere but here!
Love this place. I booked online to see which hotel I had better stay at for a stay. The room was the best I've ever stayed at. I needed a suite, room that was convenient, in style and convenient, well maintained, clean, well stored and pleasant to sit down on. Yes, the staff is super nice, there are rules and expectation but it was as simple as that! One of the staff was super helpful and the concierge was super nice. Nice lady gave me a pop and went right to bed.
Great hotel, great service and great prices! No complaints here! I needed a room with a very nice view! And a dresser, no complaints there.
This is an adult brand wedding venue (with most of the art on view, luxury staff, lots of guests) in Milford, Michigan. Don't expect a perfect wedding by anyone but obviously this wasn't the first. Great location, beautiful decor, and I would rate the 4 stars (last star when building my wedding).  The front desk at the
I absolutely hated this place. Talk about an overpriced, dirty, and uncomfortable stay. If I wasn't so tired upon my arrival, i would have left. I appreciate historical ambiance, but maintain it please.
Great location, great food, room is nice. This place is definitely worth a stop. Room was pretty much clean and had a nice feel to it. However, while I was still having difficulty opening the door, it was almost just finished. We walked up to the top of the tower and turned right onto Perry Street. We began to feel that our place was really not that nice for our needs. We had just opened the back door and was in need of additional towels, towels and cleaning supplies. Luckily the people at the front desk had a lot of experience cleaning and I was able to help. I made a reservation to go to work. The front desk staff informed me that I was in charge and informed me that they would be arranging my rooms for a 3 hour drive to get rid of the issue. The restaurant opened up around the corner so that would be a good start, but due to our lack of time I'll be staying on my own. Anyway, I only used the bathroom there to get the cleanliness going and the elevator service was quite convenient.  Parking was awful and I didn't mind if I stayed at the hotel. The front desk employees were nice and understanding when I asked if they had a refund, but they should have told me that if I didn't pay for this hotel I would pay for the next room.  If you want the best deals, don't stay here.
I absolutely hated this place. Talk about an overpriced, dirty, and uncomfortable stay. If I wasn't so tired upon my arrival, i would have left. I appreciate historical ambiance, but maintain it please. Also, the walk to the pub/bar, including the elevated access way up the escalator, on two floors, has become a crowded place to have a drink - it didn't have enough space to meet the crowded car. If you're a total caffeine snob, the food at the pub is a straight-up nightmare. We ended up taking the 32nd floor and parking over 100 bucks in the garage, which was an admittedly spooky idea.  The receptionist and a few others worked in the corner - I was treated as if I was some sort of memory for one of my own bad days. Even though it was a pretty boring activity, it was worth a 5-star party. I would recommend this location if you travel to Philadelphia. This hotel closed due to the steel structure being demolished and the renovation of the H Street Plaza block. Will stay again in Chicago.
A nice relaxing night stay. We stayed at The Room before catching up on the NYC train which took us across the finish line. I could write this out for a self-portrait: probably be straight-forward enough, but this is still Chicago. The lobby was clean and functional, with a nice space, across the street from the Wrigley house and across the river. First thing I notice is how cool the small front desk was at 5 o'clock in the morning! And since I'm a coffee cook, I get the impression that they're all pretty older than I am. But the light bulbs are off - thank goodness! It also feels like the floors are extremely old, no matter where you live. I'm not surprised that the staff are on vacation, considering they spend a lot of time in the "hot rooms" in Chicago. http://www.foodisbeautiful.com/olives-drinks-free/
I absolutely hated this place. Talk about an overpriced, dirty, and uncomfortable stay. If I wasn't so tired upon my arrival, i would have left. I appreciate historical ambiance, but maintain it please.
I recently worked in NYC and I really enjoyed it. The staff was phenomenal, the decor was luxurious and everything had a reason for being. The wedding reception was going absolutely fantastic, beautiful of course.  We were so impressed with our reception so we kept waiting until they were seated. We decided to rate it 1 star because I would like to be able to read our wedding wishlist.  The service was top notch!
We were having a very nice wedding with the room size mold that was perfect. If you go to other wedding events with a size bigger mold you won't regret it. The staff seemed very helpful throughout the service process. The white floor mats were very comfy, the carpets really pleased us. A few bottles were on the table which I appreciated. We also enjoyed a pizza pizza that arrived in less than 15 minutes. Room service also took care of our bags that had been removed. Yes, we lost luggage, but not a huge amount. Overall, what really makes this wedding special is that we chose a room that was small and ready to be used. I would not recommend this wedding event if you're planning to come here for a beautiful day or occasion.
I came for a vacation in the city and let me tell you wonderful place to stay at kimpton really trains there staff to go above and beyond the call of duty check in smooth and the front desk agent made us feel very welcomed she informed us that we missed there wine happy hour so she gave us passes to have wine at one of the two bars awesome. I also received a $10 credit for the mini bar for signing up to there email program winning(lol). I recommend the Hotel Allegro to all my yelp friends. My new guests stay here, and I will definately stay here again!! My favorite part about this hotel is the views!!! It is breathtaking.
I came for a vacation in the city and let me tell you wonderful place to stay at kimpton really trains there staff to go above and beyond the call of duty check in smooth and the front desk agent made us feel very welcomed she informed us that we missed there wine happy hour so she gave us passes to have wine at one of the two bars awesome. I also received a $10 credit for the mini bar for signing up to there email program winning(lol). I recommend the Hotel Allegro to all my yelp friends. I also recommend with this review that i pay the large hotels around town and call upon them to hold more grudges than they do at the Edelman. My place was a little crowded a little and not everything went to plan but for the deal, the hotel is amazing.If you're going for quick transportation, we'll definitely be coming back. If you're staying in the Mid-Atlantic area, watch out for the Travel West, it has really good concierge service and hotels are definitely somewhere to go.
When I came to Chicago from New York and saw MLK coming on the 13th, I was instantly hooked. The location, the location, the great experience (on a recent Friday for business!), it shows in everything that I've been through here. I called to ask what would the location be and the woman immediately mentioned the great location at MLK's house, the location makes the sense on what I was getting for the price of a couple nights out here, the Room service is fantastic, it was super cozy and the restaurant was friendly. I finally settled into my hotel that night and really enjoyed the hotel. Stayed here for nearly 5 days in November and it was very clean and with a great view of the Chicago skyline. The room service was simple and the staff was extremely attentive. It's a rental for a short stay and the rooms are in great shape.
I have recently booked a suite in Chicago for about $70 a night. The rooms are very small, easy to find (smallest room on the whole), but everything works out for me. The only important thing to note is the lobby. The room was HUGE and very close to the hallway where the floor was missing. I was trying to get a lift to the room but I can't because it was really hard to get out of the room and actually find it. It took me a couple of minutes to get up. Due to
I came for a vacation in the city and let me tell you wonderful place to stay at kimpton really trains there staff to go above and beyond the call of duty check in smooth and the front desk agent made us feel very welcomed she informed us that we missed there wine happy hour so she gave us passes to have wine at one of the two bars awesome. I also received a $10 credit for the mini bar for signing up to there email program winning(lol). I recommend the Hotel Allegro to all my yelp friends.
This place is as awful as it gets for breakfast. We walked into the door to sleep at night, and found out that the coffee maker was broken in and had broken free from a hotel shelf. We all thought we were going insane because this was the first time this hadn't happened before. Other than that, we had a great view. First of all, we had the bedsize rolled up and it looks as if it was signed by four people but no one is much taller. The food at the bar is ok and that was mentioned in a note of recommendation along with the tip. We started the meal with two 12oz. cans of Red Hard Coke and then we got 2 2oz. cans of iced coffee and a liter of iced water. The menu was kind of cheesy, but the waitress made up with people from Boston's maid service business and even made some little touches to the decor. We decided to show off our enthusiasm and for $9.50 the club could run through the walls. OMG. Within minutes of arriving we found out that there was no raucous, noisy party going on with no sign of James Holmes or this snarky hotel. We didn't expect to see a couple people and they were all across the room and outside. Not only was the front desk a really nice dude but they asked a lot of questions about the room, curtains and even the closet doors. That didn't have the need of writing on walls and windows either. Despite the noise, everything was fine.  On the plus side, the dance floor was worth it.  In addition, if you don't have your own bathroom, you have to park in a bar that actually used to be on busy H Street. Not to mention the fact that the shower was complimentary so that you could feel the heat that it incited. Parking is a h
I've spent most of my life in such a place. What a horrible situation I was in. We were selected in that Chicago boutique hotel but the experience and feedback were very positive. One hotel did not have a room of its own. We ended up calling up a transportation manager to be taken care of for us as the service was inadequate and I had to file an entire paperwork from a hotel room through an iHUB and over a weekend. It took a bunch of cleaning, fixing, cleaning up and another one day the result is that we are unable to use the Room Service Center because the menu changed. With the money we are saving on our quarters and expect to be able to use it within 2 weeks.  How can I complain about that? The bed was marred by a burrito, which unfortunately has no place in a hotel that cares about human services. The room was yucky, but since it's dark it doesn't feel like it. They offer to refund your money within 30 days, but when the clerk walked in for a refund a few minutes later they refuse to refund the rest. The the place is very bright, doesn't look like a boutique, and has incredibly expensive furniture. The amenity is mediocre and almost comfy.  There are no Wi-Fi outlets or any other options, however, unless they charged us that you know how to use them. The double bed bed
I got this cab the night before i booked my room. Great hotel.   The room is clean, very nice.  Some of the people I spoke to were excellent and the staff is very helpful. I like the choice of place.  There is something special about the rooms.  The hotel staff was very helpful and polite.  I had the hardest time walking through the hallway on my walkthrough because of the noise and constant "on/off" seconds.  You are in the hotel at night and it takes a lot of your energy to get up and out of bed, so it was a real worry.  The food & drinks would have been much better if eaten in public instead of in private rooms where you got the gratuity and luxury food.  Despite my complaints I chose to stay at the Washer, which you can see on this Yelp page.  Although the hotel is small and it is very quiet I would not recommend it to anyone visiting here. If you stay in downtown Chicago, you need to get off the city bus or train.
A great location with a great city view.  The cab was just fine so we were glad we ended up staying there for a week or two.The staff were clean, friendly, and informative. It was absolutely true that you would never leave the bar after you've earned your hotel license. They offered to take my luggage and give me an upgrade if they wanted something I didn't want! It really is a steal for a city hotel, with rooftop views of the town and incredible views of the downtown skyline.I had a good time here and it worked out for us. The views are so cool, and that's an added bonus. I would recommend this location to anyone who enjoys exploring Chicago.
We stayed here last weekend for 5 nights and were thouroughly impressed with the service and the amenities.You MUST suck it up and get the corner suite room with floor to ceiling windows! INCREDIBLY comfortable beds and great views! Showers are porn-tastic as well with see through wall into the bedroom!Aja steakhouse is great for drinks too...centrally located, walk to everything! Also, check out the Bar, because the lighting on the Bar is fantastic!!!Oh yeah, I will definitely stay at the Aja Hotels again in the near future!
I had the wedding here on August 23, and we chose our wedding dress on the 14th anniversary. I like the Crown Prince's gown and the wedding party we went to. I also liked the location. The lobby, the lobby is small and beautiful. The valet walk from the hotel is a little south in the street. The terrace on the other side is tiny and shabby. Parking is about an hour south of where we were waiting on the bridge. The hotel stayed within walking distance of every major downtown hotel in Chicago. The lobby was fabulous. The staff was friendly and polite. I recommend checking out some of the more upscale hotels in the area.
My fiance and I went to the wedding in which we were excited to be a part. In addition to the spectacular view, the room itself was superb as well.  You see, when we opened the bell on the "hotel". Every room that we wanted was available and I could hear someone ready to try my newly born daughter's "key". The room was bright, welcoming, and my fiance and I enjoyed it. Our expectations were that we would be spending another couple of weeks at the Disney Chicago. We also wanted the world's finest dress! The shopping was fine as was the rooms service and we had a small apartment for our needs. Although, we should note that the room was located on the second floor, which would be a shame since we had room on that side of the building for our office. On top of all, the staff was incredibly helpful. We had a gorgeous view out the front door, good restaurants in the area, and hot tub in the right corner. All in all, the room was a great feel-good spot. Despite the budget, the lobby was quite small, and the great hotel chain location.
We stayed here last weekend for 5 nights and were thouroughly impressed with the service and the amenities.You MUST suck it up and get the corner suite room with floor to ceiling windows! INCREDIBLY comfortable beds and great views! Showers are porn-tastic as well with see through wall into the bedroom!Aja steakhouse is great for drinks too...centrally located, walk to everything!The O'Hare elevators...not roomy enough to really control your emotions! I wouldn't stay here again, and I highly recommend the hotel!!
We stayed here last weekend for 5 nights and were thouroughly impressed with the service and the amenities.You MUST suck it up and get the corner suite room with floor to ceiling windows! INCREDIBLY comfortable beds and great views! Showers are porn-tastic as well with see through wall into the bedroom!Aja steakhouse is great for drinks too...centrally located, walk to everything! The bar is just so much nicer than the walls in this building..these elevators are huge and there is no limit to how much you can drink or how far you can go, from hotel-type rooms through the pool.I have to say, the location was nice, considering I was staying on the Disney lobby property from 5pm until 5am. Plus, the quality and service here is always great.If you are looking for upscale feel-good comforts...I would stay at a rooftop restaurant!!
Stopped in here to get breakfast. Pros: Great location; nice decor and good bartenders; some of the best decor and even at a very cool rate. Cons: Breakfast in a sink is pretty tacky. Delayed dinner service at reservation desk. Is pricey for a lounge and during your stay in Chicago, alcohol was placed at $29 per person! I usually pay $45-$120 and room service charges get even better. The pool is also a little slow so you might need to go to your room each day. Prices are very high.
The place itself, thoughtfully designed, is impeccable. No complaints here. A truly friendly staff. The restaurant is located in the heart of downtown and was particularly great because of the location: a couple blocks away from the Grange Plaza.  The story of this place is simple. They start off on a Budget-Tasting Recommendation- ordering wine at the Grange Plaza in a shopping cart somewhere while the 15-20 year olds keep here and when they arrive they pick the drink up from a fridge. That's when you start seeing Ritchie Brothers in a customer service booth, pick up a few bottles and pull out the bottle and ask the
We stayed here last weekend for 5 nights and were thouroughly impressed with the service and the amenities.You MUST suck it up and get the corner suite room with floor to ceiling windows! INCREDIBLY comfortable beds and great views! Showers are porn-tastic as well with see through wall into the bedroom!Aja steakhouse is great for drinks too...centrally located, walk to everything! Glad to hear a bit more about the drinks that we ordered!! O'Reilly, Yelp, MoreBeer, many places!
I'm a priority club member so always trying to stay someplace that I can collect points.  Downtown Chicago has several options so I researched many of them on the web, and found time and time again the Avenue was coming up with positive feedback.  Sure I saw the reviews about noise, but come on people it's downtown Chicago what do you expect?  I can attest that the staff was incredibly friendly from check in to check out.  The front desk was accommodating with my special requests and didn't make me feel like I was inconveniencing them at all.  My room was huge, which is so nice while traveling on business.  You have a place to relax...a place to work...and a place to sleep.  You don't have to do it all while propped up in your bed like most other hotels.  The room was spotless and I'm big on that!  I don't keep my home messy so I certainly don't want to pay money and stay in a place that's messy.   Everyone I passed in the hall smiled and said hello, wishing me a good day continuously.  I really felt like my business was appreciated and with so many options that is important.  The restaurant was good, lots of variety and the hotel is in easy walking distance to all of the hot spots in Chicago.  I'll tell ya, some of those other hotels in Chicago could take some lessons in friendliness and customer service from this Hotel.  Thank you for making my time away from home incredibly enjoyable!
I'm a priority club member so always trying to stay someplace that I can collect points.  Downtown Chicago has several options so I researched many of them on the web, and found time and time again the Avenue was coming up with positive feedback.  Sure I saw the reviews about noise, but come on people it's downtown Chicago what do you expect?  I can attest that the staff was incredibly friendly from check in to check out.  The front desk was accommodating with my special requests and didn't make me feel like I was inconveniencing them at all.  My room was huge, which is so nice while traveling on business.  You have a place to relax...a place to work...and a place to sleep.  You don't have to do it all while propped up in your bed like most other hotels.  The room was spotless and I'm big on that!  I don't keep my home messy so I certainly don't want to pay money and stay in a place that's messy.   Everyone I passed in the hall smiled and said hello, wishing me a good day continuously.  I really felt like my business was appreciated and with so many options that is important.  The restaurant was good, lots of variety and the hotel is in easy walking distance to all of the hot spots in Chicago.  I'll tell ya, some of those other hotels in Chicago could take some lessons in friendliness and customer service from this Hotel.  Thank you for making my time away from home incredibly enjoyable.
I'm a priority club member so always trying to stay someplace that I can collect points.  Downtown Chicago has several options so I researched many of them on the web, and found time and time again the Avenue was coming up with positive feedback.  Sure I saw the reviews about noise, but come on people it's downtown Chicago what do you expect?  I can attest that the staff was incredibly friendly from check in to check out.  The front desk was accommodating with my special requests and didn't make me feel like I was inconveniencing them at all.  My room was huge, which is so nice while traveling on business.  You have a place to relax...a place to work...and a place to sleep.  You don't have to do it all while propped up in your bed like most other hotels.  The room was spotless and I'm big on that!  I don't keep my home messy so I certainly don't want to pay money and stay in a place that's messy.   Everyone I passed in the hall smiled and said hello, wishing me a good day continuously.  I really felt like my business was appreciated and with so many options that is important.  The restaurant was good, lots of variety and the hotel is in easy walking distance to all of the hot spots in Chicago.  I'll tell ya, some of those other hotels in Chicago could take some lessons in friendliness and customer service from this Hotel.  Thank you for making my time away from home incredibly enjoyable and help me keep this place running for all of you, and your stay at the Avenue.
I'm a priority club member so always trying to stay someplace that I can collect points.  Downtown Chicago has several options so I researched many of them on the web, and found time and time again the Avenue was coming up with positive feedback.  Sure I saw the reviews about noise, but come on people it's downtown Chicago what do you expect?  I can attest that the staff was incredibly friendly from check in to check out.  The front desk was accommodating with my special requests and didn't make me feel like I was inconveniencing them at all.  My room was huge, which is so nice while traveling on business.  You have a place to relax...a place to work...and a place to sleep.  You don't have to do it all while propped up in your bed like most other hotels.  The room was spotless and I'm big on that!  I don't keep my home messy so I certainly don't want to pay money and stay in a place that's messy.   Everyone I passed in the hall smiled and said hello, wishing me a good day continuously.  I really felt like my business was appreciated and with so many options that is important.  The restaurant was good, lots of variety and the hotel is in easy walking distance to all of the hot spots in Chicago.  I'll tell ya, some of those other hotels in Chicago could take some lessons in friendliness and customer service from this Hotel.  Thank you for making my time away from home incredibly enjoyable!
I find the hotel too clean, it's pricey and not great, the cocktail lobby is a little pricey but definitely not bad, the place is well thought out and had all the amenities you want. The staff is great and helpful, the bar/club is great too. The restaurant is cool, restaurants all throughout Chicago if you want a good cheap experience. The
Normally I'm not a fan of places with über-trendy, über-clubby vibes, but I have a soft spot for the W Lakeshore. I've stayed here a few times in the past few years and each time I've been impressed. I've even been impressed when I wasn't a guest here. Everyone-- from the doormen to the front desk to the cleaning ladies to the fitness room attendants to the concierge-- have been always been accommodating and professional.  It was here where I first learned what concierges did. I used to walk by hotel concierges and wonder what the heck they did all day. At the W Lakeshore, they do everything! They make rental car reservations if you want to drive out to the 'burbs, mail letters even if you don't have a stamp, reserve tables at popular restaurants--the whole shebang! Once I wandered into the W when I wasn't staying there, all lost and wind-shocked, and the concierge looked up the restaurant I was trying to get to and gave me directions. Now that's service.  The rooms are a little on the small side, but the view of the lake more than makes up for it. At a lot of hotels with supposed lake views, you can only see the lake way, way off in the distance. At the W, however, you can take a shower, open the divider between the bathroom and bedroom, and all you see is water when you look out the window. Now that's priceless. As a much-appreciated security precaution, you have to insert your room card to use the elevators. The hotel exercise room has nice equipment, but I usually just run along the lakeshore path because it's right across the street. The complimentary Bliss products are a little too citrusy-smelling for my liking, but that's
Normally I'm not a fan of places with über-trendy, über-clubby vibes, but I have a soft spot for the W Lakeshore. I've stayed here a few times in the past few years and each time I've been impressed. I've even been impressed when I wasn't a guest here. Everyone-- from the doormen to the front desk to the cleaning ladies to the fitness room attendants to the concierge-- have been always been accommodating and professional.  It was here where I first learned what concierges did. I used to walk by hotel concierges and wonder what the heck they did all day. At the W Lakeshore, they do everything! They make rental car reservations if you want to drive out to the 'burbs, mail letters even if you don't have a stamp, reserve tables at popular restaurants--the whole shebang! Once I wandered into the W when I wasn't staying there, all lost and wind-shocked, and the concierge looked up the restaurant I was trying to get to and gave me directions. Now that's service.  The rooms are a little on the small side, but the view of the lake more than makes up for it. At a lot of hotels with supposed lake views, you can only see the lake way, way off in the distance. At the W, however, you can take a shower, open the divider between the bathroom and bedroom, and all you see is water when you look out the window. Now that's priceless. As a much-appreciated security precaution, you have to insert your room card to use the elevators. The hotel exercise room has nice equipment, but I usually just run along the lakeshore path because it's right across the street. The complimentary Bliss products are a little too citrusy-smelling for my liking, but that's
Normally I'm not a fan of places with über-trendy, über-clubby vibes, but I have a soft spot for the W Lakeshore. I've stayed here a few times in the past few years and each time I've been impressed. I've even been impressed when I wasn't a guest here. Everyone-- from the doormen to the front desk to the cleaning ladies to the fitness room attendants to the concierge-- have been always been accommodating and professional.  It was here where I first learned what concierges did. I used to walk by hotel concierges and wonder what the heck they did all day. At the W Lakeshore, they do everything! They make rental car reservations if you want to drive out to the 'burbs, mail letters even if you don't have a stamp, reserve tables at popular restaurants--the whole shebang! Once I wandered into the W when I wasn't staying there, all lost and wind-shocked, and the concierge looked up the restaurant I was trying to get to and gave me directions. Now that's service.  The rooms are a little on the small side, but the view of the lake more than makes up for it. At a lot of hotels with supposed lake views, you can only see the lake way, way off in the distance. At the W, however, you can take a shower, open the divider between the bathroom and bedroom, and all you see is water when you look out the window. Now that's priceless. As a much-appreciated security precaution, you have to insert your room card to use the elevators. The hotel exercise room has nice equipment, but I usually just run along the lakeshore path because it's right across the street. The complimentary Bliss products are a little too citrusy-smelling for my liking, but that's
Normally I'm not a fan of places with über-trendy, über-clubby vibes, but I have a soft spot for the W Lakeshore. I've stayed here a few times in the past few years and each time I've been impressed. I've even been impressed when I wasn't a guest here. Everyone-- from the doormen to the front desk to the cleaning ladies to the fitness room attendants to the concierge-- have been always been accommodating and professional.  It was here where I first learned what concierges did. I used to walk by hotel concierges and wonder what the heck they did all day. At the W Lakeshore, they do everything! They make rental car reservations if you want to drive out to the 'burbs, mail letters even if you don't have a stamp, reserve tables at popular restaurants--the whole shebang! Once I wandered into the W when I wasn't staying there, all lost and wind-shocked, and the concierge looked up the restaurant I was trying to get to and gave me directions. Now that's service.  The rooms are a little on the small side, but the view of the lake more than makes up for it. At a lot of hotels with supposed lake views, you can only see the lake way, way off in the distance. At the W, however, you can take a shower, open the divider between the bathroom and bedroom, and all you see is water when you look out the window. Now that's priceless. As a much-appreciated security precaution, you have to insert your room card to use the elevators. The hotel exercise room has nice equipment, but I usually just run along the lakeshore path because it's right across the street. The complimentary Bliss products are a little too citrusy-smelling for my liking, but that's
I had the perfect wedding at the Bellit Lounge back in May. When we arrived at the Bellit, we were treated to a cocktail reception and table services (which were ridiculously complimentary and were explained in a polite manner). So what a change from usual!  When arriving at the Bellit, I
This was a pretty cool hotel. We stayed here a couple nights and for all my fancy hotel room service, went without reservation. I believe that our room was booked too early. It really is the city's breakfast buffet with breakfast, fish, breakfast buffet, coffee, and a breakfast buffet! The service was great but most hotel restaurants do not have breakfast specials. I went to the Indigo in my room (after calling the bell), and had to go up to all of the smallish chairs and get an extra chair for a pea. Next time I am going to go up to the breakfast buffet, I will be glad to find it if the hotel is still offering breakfast specials (which I have) such as chicken or chocolate pudding. One reviewer
So Surprising when we arrived, The staff was great, the rooms cleaned spotless every day and it seems that they gave you everything you would need during your visit. A real breakfast was included every morning, waffles, biscuits and gravy, eggs, cereal, fresh fruit, coffee and danish. The rooms have a fridge, microwave and a mini sink, The bathrooms are great. I was just more than impressed with my stay. The beds are a little on the firm side for me and it is my opinion and my skins opinion that they use a bit too much bleach on the linens. (Sensitive) Perfect location if you want to be in Chicago. The location, breakfast and dinner were excellent and I would recommend this hotel!
Got a feel for the luxury luxury boutique in Chicago and got the BEST AT 4 STAR instead of the 5 STAR. They all have great amenities and cleanliness. The rooms were great, the beds super comfy and the free beer was such a steal. Wifi wasn't expensive and Wifi equipment was free for our location. Highly recommend you go to those moments you're after and get a deal!
I had a great stay at the Michigan State Hotel.  First off, I didn't expect to go through all the usual parking blocks to get to Michigan State, but instead I got a free parking pass. The room was quiet and there were no loud noises. Next up, the staff was very helpful, they were positive and were making the room feel like home.  I was very impressed with the 24h bathrooms and access rooms. Overall, I expect the hotel to be a huge hit for this establishment.  A 6 star hotel from your local 4 star would be a great deal.
So Surprising when we arrived, The staff was great, the rooms cleaned spotless every day and it seems that they gave you everything you would need during your visit. A real breakfast was included every morning, waffles, biscuits and gravy, eggs, cereal, fresh fruit, coffee and danish. The rooms have a fridge, microwave and a mini sink, The bathrooms are great. I was just more than impressed with my stay. The beds are a little on the firm side for me and it is my opinion and my skins opinion that they use a bit too much bleach on the linens. (Sensitive) Perfect location if you want to be in Chicago.
Very nice hotel and stayed here and had a great time! The room was small and the carpet attractive and clean! Our valet was VERY helpful, my only complaint was that it wasn't very comfortable. The hotel offers many guest rooms to fit every lifestyle. If you really need a bed, feel free to settle for the KB, but the price is a tad steep. We booked in the street and we found some outstanding hotel accommodations just outside of downtown Chicago.  It should make a great decision for you.  P.S. The Little Haiti way back home and we've never been so pleased.
Great room. Great view. Great customer service.  Nice art decor, I would recommend checking out the several other luxury hotels.Just next door to the expensive deli, a bar & restaurant on 67th street. We weren't expecting so much too from us but we wouldn't be disappointed. We couldn't have asked for a better amenity and the staff at the Drake were extremely helpful, helpful and kept us going. Did the catered wedding on Tuesday and the people there cooked the wedding okay for us. But since this was the first time they've been there, we're sure they'll have experienced the same response.
So Surprising when we arrived, The staff was great, the rooms cleaned spotless every day and it seems that they gave you everything you would need during your visit. A real breakfast was included every morning, waffles, biscuits and gravy, eggs, cereal, fresh fruit, coffee and danish. The rooms have a fridge, microwave and a mini sink, The bathrooms are great. I was just more than impressed with my stay. The beds are a little on the firm side for me and it is my opinion and my skins opinion that they use a bit too much bleach on the linens. (Sensitive) Perfect location if you want to be in Chicago. The main reason for this is that I didn't want to book the reservation (which I did), but wanted to know how many rooms we were in, and how many bags of stuff were inside.  Before we checked out we checked out to see how many bags we had. Before checking out, we chatted with the front desk manager, who insisted that we don't book our rooms because that would take too much effort. When we checked out, we saw a rather large closet that looked like it would have been on top of a rock, the bedroom window looked odd, the bed was missing a bit, the fridge was missing, the fridge was missing, etc. All of this was unprofessional and placed us at a tight deadline.  I was finally able to rest easy, avoid the reservation, and enjoy the hotel in a warm and welcoming manner.
So Surprising when we arrived, The staff was great, the rooms cleaned spotless every day and it seems that they gave you everything you would need during your visit. A real breakfast was included every morning, waffles, biscuits and gravy, eggs, cereal, fresh fruit, coffee and danish. The rooms have a fridge, microwave and a mini sink, The bathrooms are great. I was just more than impressed with my stay. The beds are a little on the firm side for me and it is my opinion and my skins opinion that they use a bit too much bleach on the linens. (Sensitive) Perfect location if you want to be in Chicago. The staff are professional, enthusiastic and really enjoy meeting you. You can meet them in a hotel room, the rooms are small and comfortable so there is nothing to worry about waiting for them to get to the actual hotel, unless you're about to meet a hot-dog maker or dinner.
My husband and I stayed at the Allerton hotel from 05/27/2010 thru 05/29/2010 The outside of the Hotel was very nice however the room itself smelled terrible, there weren't any face towels, towels or a floor mat for the shower. During my stay there we could hear every other guest flushing there toilets and closing there doors. We went to bed to these sounds and was awaken to the flushing of the toilets all night long. When we went out for dinner the next night we asked a staff member if they would make sure that our bed was made while we were out and guess what it was not. So the Allerton hotel was not a great experience for our celebration. Gail writes: The Allerton Hotel is absolutely terrible. First, the decor was atrocious. The high ceilings, pillows against a desk, glass walls, and even lamp posts made it look like a hotel. Then, the water had a water leak and leaks when you drop down from the ceiling into the water. Great views of the ocean are made with towels and duct tape. So, all of this is wrong with us. We didn't mind the low ceilings and awkward looking rooms that made the whole hotel feel like a modern hotel. All in all, we went out of our way to please our guests and stay here for the reason they ask for it. Next, the staff can't hear you. It doesn't sound like you are up there talking with anyone in the room. Every once in awhile someone would drop in to play with our phones. At night the women make rude and unsafe public comments, no matter where they are in the room. Overnight they use loud slammer to hit our phones, an important part of our daily routines. There was always someone in the room watching the curtain
The Greatness Marriott Hotel The hotel has some of the best views in the city! We recently booked our night at the Greatness for the first time and it has been absolutely wonderful! The reception was well-organized and the staff was very professional. The room was furnished with beautiful TV's with beautiful lighting and DJ sets for DJs to rock, dance, and play. We had a magnificent view of the steps that lead to the 2nd floor which means we couldn't do our street shopping downtown unless we wanted to. All in all, we liked the hotel and would definitely come back again.
My husband and I stayed at the Allerton hotel from 05/27/2010 thru 05/29/2010 The outside of the Hotel was very nice however the room itself smelled terrible, there weren't any face towels, towels or a floor mat for the shower. During my stay there we could hear every other guest flushing there toilets and closing there doors. We went to bed to these sounds and was awaken to the flushing of the toilets all night long. When we went out for dinner the next night we asked a staff member if they would make sure that our bed was made while we were out and guess what it was not. So the Allerton hotel was not a great experience for our celebration. Gail #1175 Location: North Hills, MO, USA Did this review help you? I live in FL.  I was recently returning from a stay there and had never encountered such garbage.  If you have traveled to 2 states this is for you.  Overall the hotel was pretty clean and pleasant for the price. - MHIKE She helped me out with the shower with little to no fuss and no water pressure issue. - MaryDubbedphamerts Location: New York City, NY Did this review help you? Yes I did when checking out for this hotel! The service was excellent, the rooms were beautiful and the staff seemed to appreciate our requests for more coffee during our stay. - EmilyGirl Location: Chicago Did this review help you? Yes, I do.  When I checked out for my next hotel I needed to pick up a pack for a flight back to the U.S.  The view I had the night before helped with travel since I had so much time to hike, take a bag and pack away, and work that back in Chicago.  All in all the room experience was great, with great customer service, great
I went to a restaurant in our 20's where I usually stay when I'm not looking for a new location. The room was small. It was open seasonally - so it was good to see the restaurants - but considering I stayed at a hotel that weekend and the staff was friendly, I wasn't going to stop going there.  Midway through the first hour or so, the door opened and I saw the staff - my biggest problem with this place was keeping that person awake, due to lack of smoking in the room. The view was not the best - not many people could see us while we were away, but we also had my daughter beeping. A tip to ask is they'll take pictures of your sleep if you have a son/sibling/niece who is asleep.
I got this hotel from my girlfriend and I was looking for a cheaper hotel near downtown. We stayed at Decatur in March 2010 for our wedding reception at Tipton. The place is a little bit smaller, but gives you an excellent view. I would definitely stay there again. I recently returned from a wedding in San Francisco and felt as if I was exploring the city again, so I thought I'd write a review. I told friends who come by that I found the bar--the location is a little off-site, but as far as I'm concerned, the Hotel.com is the best option.  There is a lot of parking, the service is friendly, and the location was perfect for us.
Had to do two reviews at Barland Hotel to get an overall rating of "great" and a plus (which I guess is pretty special).First, the check-in time is usually around 4pm, but I couldn't be more disappointed when I finally get a hotel stay after I booked 5th floor.To be completely honest, we were booked well, but I received free parking and no wait before boarding. No one bothered to help me make a reservation. With 2 roommates in Chicago, I felt like it was a different room but I guess it would have been a waste of time!As for the elevators... well, nice. Everyone told me they wanted 20-30 rooms with no problems (well, not much.) The lobby was cool, the rooms felt clean and small.So far, they have not worried about noise, service, or security!Overall, they seem to appreciate the value I give them for the property - although, don't expect to be able to get 50% off items in your shopping cart as you can get 20% off items here!
My first stay at this place.  My first love was to see the gorgeous Michilano River.  I stayed at Chicago for a night of just relaxing on the Michigan Avenue side of the city with my fiance, Ryan.  We stayed in a classic, contemporary hotel in front of a large bell tower.  The main rooms were comfortable enough for our needs, but could be a bit messy and expensive.  I was excited to get a seat, as I'd never had a breakfast in a hotel before, and I felt as though I was standing in for someone in the middle of everything.  We chatted for several minutes before closing the door.  I would strongly suggest this stay.  This hotel has become a stay-at-home wonderland.  So much so, we had to rate the room and ate with partners, a total of four of whom were very nice.  I highly recommend staying at this hotel.
Huge, beautiful, and modern. The Bookings desk is beautiful and you get all the information you need about attractions. The Chateau du Soleil Hotel is nice in the area, but if you're adventurous, you might want to walk the fringes. Also, there is a Gym, but don't expect a gym there. The rooms are clean, and well designed. The restaurant was pretty much the entire package. Our only complaints about the spot is the overly fancy Suites lounge.
I would give this hotel a 5 star rating for the views alone, if my stay hadn't been so horrid. Let's just say the rooms service it almost non-existent, as well as the management.  The room was average, like what you see at a Hilton. I was not happy overall--I wouldn't stay at the Embassy Suites again.
Over-priced and a very unsatisfying stay.  My friends in town did not rate this hotel, for all we knew they would because they were friendly and helpful.  Don't rate hotels just because you go to a party! The staff was great and friendly. Great site, lots of parking, including the Plaza parking lot. Parking is free in the lobby for the 4 nights of stay. Parking lot was nice too and was close to the airport. Would I come back for another stay? This is an excuse for money. The lobby is also a little nicer than what you would get in other hotels I've stayed at. Don't expect to spend alot here.  Maybe it's my signature place on a nice street.
Really cool hotel. I like all the great views and the ambiance in the hotel. This place deserves a 5 star rating because its a very contemporary hotel and location in a good location. For the price you paid, I'd go back.
The block is rather broad compared to other Chicago hotel chains. The rooms and all its amenities are outside of reasonable expectations. The extra beds I received were quite a bit on the small side. I expected the rooms to be great, but the size (38") did not suit my needs. I recommend staying here if you are looking for a new city
Just a tad disappointed that the hotel booked five stars instead of their usual three-star rating I took, despite the fact that I was in my early 40s and stayed there most nights of the year!  Yes, I had a summery bit of a hotel business the week before, and the hotel moved the ball pretty much overnight!  First, the rooms were incredibly large (albeit tiny), and the service was poor.  Could you see that from here on out?  I'm still sticking with two stars because there isn't room for another thing here!My fiance and I arrived in San Francisco at 6:30 AM the previous day, and found ourselves facing the Hilton South, the historic building that opened in 1910.  Just as we were about to go to the hotel entrance when the bellman ordered to pass out two sheets of paper, someone says "Didn't you hear that?" and we get a blank check.  "Oh, yes. I thought we were accomadating. Checked in here, and there was not enough space for two. Now I'm sorry, but we're in a hurry. The keys are gone."  Not bad considering that someone can bring the car to do his business.Upon entering the hotel, we heard some loud banging.  We all assumed it was a commercial elevator.  It had a registration plate with the address, and a long and ugly sign attached to it
I would give this hotel a 5 star rating for the views alone, if my stay hadn't been so horrid. Let's just say the rooms service it almost non-existent, as well as the management.  The room was average, like what you see at a Hilton. I was not happy overall--I wouldn't stay at the Embassy Suites again.
Very nice location...but didn't feel comfortable sharing the bed there. Now do NOT stay here if you are going for business. This hotel has a view over Lake Michigan.  The view is great - nice indoor and outdoor environments are pretty cool, especially at night. There is a pool in the lobby (so it looks kind of like a hole), a beach and other attractions at no cost. The location does not make it worth taking unless you know that you will see some amazing space. There are stroller rooms on the lobby floor, and the king size bed on the bathtub.  But the biggest plus is that there is tons of WiFi available! After 5 minutes you would have enough power to go back to bed, maybe to get breakfast? No.  So every 10 mins of WiFi you see may just be your normal. But not all WiFi there is. The rooms are available to the wrong rooms all the time, or the internet is not a good choice if you have over a decade or more of use. Don't consider this review to be a critical one!
My first visit to this hotel on my business trip was just 2 days ago. After a good 10 minutes walking into the hotel, I was pleased to see that a parking garage is listed on the elevators in the lobby, just a little away.  The hotel is quick to serve you when you first come in, but once in the room, there's no menu or surprises. All of the staff seemed very helpful and helpful and we immediately knew that this was an establishment that would be thoroughly enjoyable to stay at. As a matter of fact, the rooms were clean and quiet and the lobby itself was decorated with historic historic murals. The room service didn't disappoint either.  The bar seating area was exceptionally clean,
Great location and yelp service.  I got a room at both the 22nd floor and had a suite in the building.  Room number 70601 was one of the best the place has to offer.  Although the room was so small, it was stylish and comfortable.  My other complaint about the gym and washrooms is that the security footage with 3 gateways when they checked was misleading and a bit risque.
In that perfect neighborhood!I arrived in this city in mid-September. I liked this location because of the cool views, awesome parking, free lunch, rooms with modern furniture, and the little strip mall/downtown area. With the luxury of 2, it is where I would go if I got anywhere near the 3rd Avenue elevator...after the Amis entered me at age 20, a lot of that dated a bit. The alley to the left was great as did the river, the shopping and restaurant choices were fantastic. My other visit was the Super Garden at age 24, which is just 3 blocks away from the Mag Mile train station.I attended Chicago C&O an event earlier this month and had very interesting stay there.  The staff and the atmosphere were very professional and the Room itself was equally warm. They even had beautiful artwork in the lobby!My only gripe is that it is only located 2 blocks from the metro, but if you need that convenience, the Marriott W group is there too.
I like to stay in unique, one-of-a-kind hotels that give me a feel of the city/country I am in.  That was my only hesitation for choosing to stay at the Hampton Inn - a chain.  But we decided to go for it for 3 reasons... Location (walking distance to downtown, the river, Mag Mile and free trolley to Navy Pier), Free breakfast (huge choices and rotating hot entrees that changed each of the 6 days we were there), Pool and jacuzzi and small, but adequate fitness center (to relax after a busy day and keep up with our exercise routines).  We got that and so much more.  This renovated hotel has a lobby that made me forget it is a chain - tastefully done in Frank Lloyd Wright style - beautiful!  Every staff person we met - front desk, conceirge, kitchen, housekeeping were so friendly and helpful.  The room was very clean and the bed very comfortable (true, the firetrucks can wake you up now and then...) The convenient and free business center made it easy to print our boarding passes and keep up with the kid's homework and the free in-room wifi was great. Very reasonable price for the location, value, and quality you receive.  I wanted to live here!  Now my only hesitation is telling everyone how great it is and risk not having a vacancy next time I go to Chicago! The Hampton Inn offers a nice, modern look to offset some of the antiquated architectural elements.  It also offers a fabulous and clean bar with a nice view to the river.I plan on going back to Hampton if I stay at this location again and it makes me feel like part of that historical lineage.
Stayed in a reasonably priced hotel for years.  Although we have had extremely good staff at the Hotel for about 4 years it was only recently that the level of customer service got so bad I did not stay through email anymore.  The general feel of the room was right above average - in addition to a great layout with comfortable seating.  Its petite, tiniest wall was an extra 1.2 - 2.0 inches.  Oh yeah, and that stilt gave it an annoying "size error." After 18 months, my room (1 bedroom) continued to be broken and overpriced.  Luckily, all the TVs within 15 minutes of working were on a hit point which allowed me to get
I like to stay in unique, one-of-a-kind hotels that give me a feel of the city/country I am in.  That was my only hesitation for choosing to stay at the Hampton Inn - a chain.  But we decided to go for it for 3 reasons... Location (walking distance to downtown, the river, Mag Mile and free trolley to Navy Pier), Free breakfast (huge choices and rotating hot entrees that changed each of the 6 days we were there), Pool and jacuzzi and small, but adequate fitness center (to relax after a busy day and keep up with our exercise routines).  We got that and so much more.  This renovated hotel has a lobby that made me forget it is a chain - tastefully done in Frank Lloyd Wright style - beautiful!  Every staff person we met - front desk, conceirge, kitchen, housekeeping were so friendly and helpful.  The room was very clean and the bed very comfortable (true, the firetrucks can wake you up now and then...) The convenient and free business center made it easy to print our boarding passes and keep up with the kid's homework and the free in-room wifi was great. Very reasonable price for the location, value, and quality you receive.  I wanted to live here!  Now my only hesitation is telling everyone how great it is and risk not having a vacancy next time I go to Chicago!
I like to stay in unique, one-of-a-kind hotels that give me a feel of the city/country I am in.  That was my only hesitation for choosing to stay at the Hampton Inn - a chain.  But we decided to go for it for 3 reasons... Location (walking distance to downtown, the river, Mag Mile and free trolley to Navy Pier), Free breakfast (huge choices and rotating hot entrees that changed each of the 6 days we were there), Pool and jacuzzi and small, but adequate fitness center (to relax after a busy day and keep up with our exercise routines).  We got that and so much more.  This renovated hotel has a lobby that made me forget it is a chain - tastefully done in Frank Lloyd Wright style - beautiful!  Every staff person we met - front desk, conceirge, kitchen, housekeeping were so friendly and helpful.  The room was very clean and the bed very comfortable (true, the firetrucks can wake you up now and then...) The convenient and free business center made it easy to print our boarding passes and keep up with the kid's homework and the free in-room wifi was great. Very reasonable price for the location, value, and quality you receive.  I wanted to live here!  Now my only hesitation is telling everyone how great it is and risk not having a vacancy next time I go to Chicago!
I like to stay in unique, one-of-a-kind hotels that give me a feel of the city/country I am in.  That was my only hesitation for choosing to stay at the Hampton Inn - a chain.  But we decided to go for it for 3 reasons... Location (walking distance to downtown, the river, Mag Mile and free trolley to Navy Pier), Free breakfast (huge choices and rotating hot entrees that changed each of the 6 days we were there), Pool and jacuzzi and small, but adequate fitness center (to relax after a busy day and keep up with our exercise routines).  We got that and so much more.  This renovated hotel has a lobby that made me forget it is a chain - tastefully done in Frank Lloyd Wright style - beautiful!  Every staff person we met - front desk, conceirge, kitchen, housekeeping were so friendly and helpful.  The room was very clean and the bed very comfortable (true, the firetrucks can wake you up now and then...) The convenient and free business center made it easy to print our boarding passes and keep up with the kid's homework and the free in-room wifi was great. Very reasonable price for the location, value, and quality you receive.  I wanted to live here!  Now my only hesitation is telling everyone how great it is and risk not having a vacancy next time I go to Chicago! (Note, I mentioned the Dabney-Roosevelt)
Poor customer service, tiny rooms, loud nights, and no frills describes our experience at Hotel Felix.  Don't let the trendy decor trick you!Poor customer service & tiny rooms overcome a great location and modern decor. When you first walk into the hotel, your initial reaction is that you picked the right spot...then you have to check-in. The guy we talked to was smarmy and rude. A week and again the day before arriving I called to confirm a request, both times the staff told me that it wouldn't be a problem & was saved in my reservation. When we arrived the front desk representative told me I was lying about the request because I didn't know who I talked to when I made the request. A lot of other Yelpers rated customer service high so maybe it was an off day or this employee (20-something male) is a bad apple, but our experience couldn't have been worse. When we finally got to the room, we opened the door to find a queen size bed & that was about it. The room was tiny and it took effort to fit between the walls & the bed. Reminded me more of a walk-in closet than a hotel room. The bathrooms were equally small with the smallest, most shallow sink that could be mistaken for a bird bath. Sleeping was more like playing "Name that noise" & we were on the 8th floor away from the elevators! The air conditioning was incredibly loud and woke us up every time it turned on. After a poor night's sleep, all I wanted was a cup of coffee to help me wake up. Never mind, coffee makers are not provided in the room instead offering complimentary coffee in the lobby.  Who doesn't like going to the lobby in your underwear to get some caffeine?  I trav
Poor customer service, tiny rooms, loud nights, and no frills describes our experience at Hotel Felix.  Don't let the trendy decor trick you!Poor customer service & tiny rooms overcome a great location and modern decor. When you first walk into the hotel, your initial reaction is that you picked the right spot...then you have to check-in. The guy we talked to was smarmy and rude. A week and again the day before arriving I called to confirm a request, both times the staff told me that it wouldn't be a problem & was saved in my reservation. When we arrived the front desk representative told me I was lying about the request because I didn't know who I talked to when I made the request. A lot of other Yelpers rated customer service high so maybe it was an off day or this employee (20-something male) is a bad apple, but our experience couldn't have been worse. When we finally got to the room, we opened the door to find a queen size bed & that was about it. The room was tiny and it took effort to fit between the walls & the bed. Reminded me more of a walk-in closet than a hotel room. The bathrooms were equally small with the smallest, most shallow sink that could be mistaken for a bird bath. Sleeping was more like playing "Name that noise" & we were on the 8th floor away from the elevators! The air conditioning was incredibly loud and woke us up every time it turned on. After a poor night's sleep, all I wanted was a cup of coffee to help me wake up. Never mind, coffee makers are not provided in the room instead offering complimentary coffee in the lobby.  Who doesn't like going to the lobby in your underwear to get some caffeine?  I trav
Poor customer service, tiny rooms, loud nights, and no frills describes our experience at Hotel Felix.  Don't let the trendy decor trick you!Poor customer service & tiny rooms overcome a great location and modern decor. When you first walk into the hotel, your initial reaction is that you picked the right spot...then you have to check-in. The guy we talked to was smarmy and rude. A week and again the day before arriving I called to confirm a request, both times the staff told me that it wouldn't be a problem & was saved in my reservation. When we arrived the front desk representative told me I was lying about the request because I didn't know who I talked to when I made the request. A lot of other Yelpers rated customer service high so maybe it was an off day or this employee (20-something male) is a bad apple, but our experience couldn't have been worse. When we finally got to the room, we opened the door to find a queen size bed & that was about it. The room was tiny and it took effort to fit between the walls & the bed. Reminded me more of a walk-in closet than a hotel room. The bathrooms were equally small with the smallest, most shallow sink that could be mistaken for a bird bath. Sleeping was more like playing "Name that noise" & we were on the 8th floor away from the elevators! The air conditioning was incredibly loud and woke us up every time it turned on. After a poor night's sleep, all I wanted was a cup of coffee to help me wake up. Never mind, coffee makers are not provided in the room instead offering complimentary coffee in the lobby.  Who doesn't like going to the lobby in your underwear to get some caffeine?  I trav
Poor customer service, tiny rooms, loud nights, and no frills describes our experience at Hotel Felix.  Don't let the trendy decor trick you!Poor customer service & tiny rooms overcome a great location and modern decor. When you first walk into the hotel, your initial reaction is that you picked the right spot...then you have to check-in. The guy we talked to was smarmy and rude. A week and again the day before arriving I called to confirm a request, both times the staff told me that it wouldn't be a problem & was saved in my reservation. When we arrived the front desk representative told me I was lying about the request because I didn't know who I talked to when I made the request. A lot of other Yelpers rated customer service high so maybe it was an off day or this employee (20-something male) is a bad apple, but our experience couldn't have been worse. When we finally got to the room, we opened the door to find a queen size bed & that was about it. The room was tiny and it took effort to fit between the walls & the bed. Reminded me more of a walk-in closet than a hotel room. The bathrooms were equally small with the smallest, most shallow sink that could be mistaken for a bird bath. Sleeping was more like playing "Name that noise" & we were on the 8th floor away from the elevators! The air conditioning was incredibly loud and woke us up every time it turned on. After a poor night's sleep, all I wanted was a cup of coffee to help me wake up. Never mind, coffee makers are not provided in the room instead offering complimentary coffee in the lobby.  Who doesn't like going to the lobby in your underwear to get some caffeine?  I trav
My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for one night and had a great experience. We live in Chicago and occasionally enjoy getting away for a night or two in a hotel downtown. I would consider the Avenue Hotel a chique boutique hotel.  It was modern, and yet extremely comfortable not to mention in an excellent location that is walking distance to everything important like shopping, restaurants, bars etc. The staff was very friendly and gave us an incredible room with a view of the city. No matter how long you live here you never get tired of the skyline at night.  I would definitely recommend coming here!
Great location! Too small to fit a size 21 person room. The area around the bath is a little shabby. The rooms are very small, so i thought the ceiling and tubs would be right on top. The front desk staff was super helpful on picking me up.  The lobby was so quiet, i could hear all of the hallway service staff trying to make space for me. The smoke detectors are very handy, and every time someone plugs it the next time someone goes outside, it's about 2 or 3 feet away.  Other than that, the rooms are reasonably clean.
I bought this for my first trip to California and I absolutely love it.  I love the location but the late arrival times can cause issues.  The wi-fi was horrible, my work colleague turned it off when she tried to call the hotel when I first arrived.  The internet speed was slow, the restaurant parking wasn't very efficient and so on and so forth.  The restaurant is
My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for one night and had a great experience. We live in Chicago and occasionally enjoy getting away for a night or two in a hotel downtown. I would consider the Avenue Hotel a chique boutique hotel.  It was modern, and yet extremely comfortable not to mention in an excellent location that is walking distance to everything important like shopping, restaurants, bars etc. The staff was very friendly and gave us an incredible room with a view of the city. No matter how long you live here you never get tired of the skyline at night.  I would definitely recommend coming here!
The walls are very clean, the hotel itself is pretty standard, all things considered, but overall...it's a nice little hotel.The windows are very thin, perhaps due to glass or the fact that it is not a modern bar, but it's very attractive, in my opinion. (no pun intended)My reservation is now extended for 3-4 days, but after this I am not disappointed.Location wise, we chose a location in Chicago called the Northwestern Loop because of its proximity to a massive shopping and shopping center. We plan to stay here at least twice a month and the hotel staff are extremely helpful, very friendly and they were great at making arrangements for our request. Our options are Cleveland-25% cheaper and hotels in Chicago will serve us on three nights, and Miami-20% cheaper. We will recommend this hotel to friends and family at both club events and to our neighbors who will be staying in this trendy city.
My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for one night and had a great experience. We live in Chicago and occasionally enjoy getting away for a night or two in a hotel downtown. I would consider the Avenue Hotel a chique boutique hotel.  It was modern, and yet extremely comfortable not to mention in an excellent location that is walking distance to everything important like shopping, restaurants, bars etc. The staff was very friendly and gave us an incredible room with a view of the city. No matter how long you live here you never get tired of the skyline at night.  I would definitely recommend coming here!
Stayed here a while ago but couldn't stop thinking about my stay on the Holiday.  The rooms are a little dated but well done.  The staff was great.  They charge you the same for all of the rooms, even the bathroom.  Even your water heater is charged for free.  With 2,000 online and in-store dollars available on many outlets, we thought we might try this hotel again next time we're on a weekend.  Couldn't be happier.
My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for one night and had a great experience. We live in Chicago and occasionally enjoy getting away for a night or two in a hotel downtown. I would consider the Avenue Hotel a chique boutique hotel.  It was modern, and yet extremely comfortable not to mention in an excellent location that is walking distance to everything important like shopping, restaurants, bars etc. The staff was very friendly and gave us an incredible room with a view of the city. No matter how long you live here you never get tired of the skyline at night.  I would definitely recommend coming here!
I wanted to just be honest because it is the most expensive hotel in the city, but here it is! I loved this place and I'm not sure I'll ever return.  If you want to spend 15 bucks, don't bother!  It has breakfast, breakfast (not breakfast due to accounting issue) and then drinks for 2 hours, and it closes after the 2 hour break for that reason.  Not a good choice for a shopping destination.  Unless you plan to have a son who needs to be early mornings with a bunch of rinds to pee, there are no happy hours in the center of town.
I visited Chicago for the first time last year and I made a good choice by picking this hotel via getaroom http://bit.ly/l3aVjSGreat location near Michigan Ave. I agree with Julie that the breakfast and service is outstanding. My room was clean and comfortable. I'd say this place is worth the price.
I visited Chicago for the first time last year and I made a good choice by picking this hotel via getaroom http://bit.ly/l3aVjSGreat location near Michigan Ave. I agree with Julie that the breakfast and service is outstanding. My room was clean and comfortable. I'd say this place is worth the price.
Love it Chicago!  Great location and features our tower hotel!  My husband and I stay here because we love the views, beach, and not only do we enjoy our stay but also enjoy our food and drink!  Our needs are minimal and their Laundry Detergent is top notch!  Their everyday customer service is top notch, and everyone I've spoken to seems enthusiastic about our stay.
Great location!  Great location  Great location  Great location  Room at the Astoria, perfect location for movies,  great hotel  Thank you!  Perfect hotel and its floor area is perfect!  Art Deco, number one lobby convenience store, attentive service, fast service, last minute service, and great view!!!  Room service was excellent! Food  Greek Yogurt pizza with good dishes, fresh vegetables, salads, and steamed onions were just perfect! In contrast, it was sooo dry that the beach shot took forever to get to (no water in the pool).  I made it work again using the television, because in my experience this hotel only serves 2 guests a night (albeit 4 of us).  Loved the decor for our rooms!
I visited Chicago for the first time last year and I made a good choice by picking this hotel via getaroom http://bit.ly/l3aVjSGreat location near Michigan Ave. I agree with Julie that the breakfast and service is outstanding. My room was clean and comfortable. I'd say this place is worth the price.
Kudos to Jenny Clark for the assistance with getting this place up and running. We had to wait in line for the food before I could finally leave due to the service. So we figured it would be cool to walk through this feeling and the awesome service. After 5 minutes, the front desk turned on the food service at about 6:20am and tipped us a check. The check went toward over payment of a $40 gratuity so that was not an option for us.  It was a major inconvenience because the general manager offered to assist me in picking out the rest of my bags when I checked out and got the bar signed up. This helps us work out what will be the best hotel experience possible. Highly recommended.
I visited Chicago for the first time last year and I made a good choice by picking this hotel via getaroom http://bit.ly/l3aVjSGreat location near Michigan Ave. I agree with Julie that the breakfast and service is outstanding. My room was clean and comfortable. I'd say this place is worth the price.  Its in a good place, however the hotel's location in a busy city limits only helps drive a price down.
Stopped by the Ritz because I enjoyed my stay here. It was the deuce place to get your dinner with some chicago-style seltzer sushi. The management at the hotel is terrible and you can't taste the curry, we got steamed garlic in too much water. The front desk would ask if we could send a friend to sushi for breakfast, but for my understanding there are none but there was quite enough at the bar, while you drink your coffee right outside of the lobby. We went to the H on the 17th floor and were walking around. The front desk kindly helped us to grab some food for us. Not a bad experience. For a great price you can expect a great view of the city and very convenient near Byland and Del Mar. Highly recommended
The bed is really nice. The one reservation I received was for $33 and the bed I had was just 13 inches below the two most typical measurements I know of, the bed in general. The comfort was almost comfy but my head felt back awake for a while. Couldnt give it 4 stars because I needed more time to process these new things.
maybe they should rename it "dana nightclub and oh yeah a hotel".   we can't go up to our rooms using the elevators on the ground floor, because those are reserved for the nightclub guests.  so you have to go to the second floor using another elevator, then wait for a free elevator since they are mostly full of people going up to the club.  my cell phone and the house phone don't work in my room.i put a DO NOT DISTURB on my door, and they came in anyway, more than once while I was away.  they also disposed of my  DO NOT DISTURB notice, so now I can't even try to keep them out.I can hear everyone coming and going in the hallway outside my room which is right by the elevators.no one helped us with our bags coming or going on more than one occasion.  my room key has had to be replaced, i couldn't get up to my room on the elevator because of this, having to go back downstairs to re-key is one of my pet peeves. the wait staff is good.won't come back.
maybe they should rename it "dana nightclub and oh yeah a hotel".   we can't go up to our rooms using the elevators on the ground floor, because those are reserved for the nightclub guests.  so you have to go to the second floor using another elevator, then wait for a free elevator since they are mostly full of people going up to the club.  my cell phone and the house phone don't work in my room.i put a DO NOT DISTURB on my door, and they came in anyway, more than once while I was away.  they also disposed of my  DO NOT DISTURB notice, so now I can't even try to keep them out.I can hear everyone coming and going in the hallway outside my room which is right by the elevators.no one helped us with our bags coming or going on more than one occasion.  my room key has had to be replaced, i couldn't get up to my room on the elevator because of this, having to go back downstairs to re-key is one of my pet peeves. the wait staff is good.won't come back..  people can sleep in that place no matter what they feel like around here.
I have seen so many positive things in Chicago because they have good old fashioned atonement in business and customer service. They are excellent for corporate chicago but want to put a higher standard on themselves. I would definitely rate the hotel in person if I had a choice between nice stylish comfortable bed or their latest brunch bar in one of the many restaurants in the city. Most hotel chain around in Chicago (such as the Rock-Pine or Hotel Airmark) advertise as cheaper alternatives to pricetag or conference rooms and feel like they serve a positive change. Not. You.<|endoftext|>
maybe they should rename it "dana nightclub and oh yeah a hotel".   we can't go up to our rooms using the elevators on the ground floor, because those are reserved for the nightclub guests.  so you have to go to the second floor using another elevator, then wait for a free elevator since they are mostly full of people going up to the club.  my cell phone and the house phone don't work in my room.i put a DO NOT DISTURB on my door, and they came in anyway, more than once while I was away.  they also disposed of my  DO NOT DISTURB notice, so now I can't even try to keep them out.I can hear everyone coming and going in the hallway outside my room which is right by the elevators.no one helped us with our bags coming or going on more than one occasion.  my room key has had to be replaced, i couldn't get up to my room on the elevator because of this, having to go back downstairs to re-key is one of my pet peeves. the wait staff is good.won't come back. we'd rather just wait the night and not do it again.
maybe they should rename it "dana nightclub and oh yeah a hotel".   we can't go up to our rooms using the elevators on the ground floor, because those are reserved for the nightclub guests.  so you have to go to the second floor using another elevator, then wait for a free elevator since they are mostly full of people going up to the club.  my cell phone and the house phone don't work in my room.i put a DO NOT DISTURB on my door, and they came in anyway, more than once while I was away.  they also disposed of my  DO NOT DISTURB notice, so now I can't even try to keep them out.I can hear everyone coming and going in the hallway outside my room which is right by the elevators.no one helped us with our bags coming or going on more than one occasion.  my room key has had to be replaced, i couldn't get up to my room on the elevator because of this, having to go back downstairs to re-key is one of my pet peeves. the wait staff is good.won't come back.<|endoftext|>
Find a hotel in the loop, don't stay here! The hotel double charged me for my room and no one answers their accounting department phone. Their customer service is terrible. When you call the front desk no one seems to answer the phone. Valet parking is your only option and it is $36 a night! Don't stay here!The bathrooms are really unappealing. Our room had a garbage dumpster at the bar and even the air conditioner was broken in. The shower drain is extremely small. After a second, I felt very sick and wanted to get it checked out, but my boss wouldn't do that (we won't complain!) At the washroom, our water drain was not working. Room service was very poor and service was inconsistent. I believe the gal on our left did a huge disservice when she called to complain about the problem. Customer service is also inconsistent throughout our trip.The most popular hotel on the Millennium is the Mercedes Inn, located at 2433 N Summit Avenue, Chicago. We stayed in this hotel on March 13, 2010 and stayed there March 24, 2010 for a fantastic 5 days! This hotel is a modern boutique with contemporary and modern decor, all in a beautiful, stylish, and modern design. The rooms are very comfortable. The guest rooms are modern, clean and have modern decor. The bathrooms are situated on 25th floor and have modern soft-touch shower facilities in the center. The lobby is contemporary and extremely beautiful. The service at this hotel is top notch and is the reason I stayed here.  I highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking to reach somewhere more historic than Madison Square Park. Most importantly, this hotel is OUTDOOR friendly!Downtown Chicago ha
We went here at night for business. Service is excellent, but don't expect a 20$ rate. Prices are still great, but the elevator to the other end isn't like the all hotels you might expect. The Internet location is perfect, and the staff seem really helpful to help. Not a bad place to be, we had an hour wait for the bathroom break while we were showering and made sure it was clean. I'll definitely stay here again.
I was using the door to it with a super hard hard handle bar. When i opened it it it was outside looking in the window. Then i looked inside and i saw all kinds of things. Then i saw something on the bathroom counter just as i was coming down to bed. It was my wife's boyfriend and I and there was a bottle opener, same as the one above. It got closer and closer to our bed and i didn't have time to readjust my nails to see what it was (how to say anything about that actually, I didn't understand what the cleaning machine was doing). Then i got up and went to get my hands dirty. Once i get my hands dirty i get up and see a pretty nice picture. We spent the first 30 min getting ready and then i go in and..Then i got home
DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!! After we checked in.. They gave us the wrong directions to our room & we got lost finding what we thought was our room, we finely found what we thought was our room only to find out both keys didn't work to the door.. Well unknown to us they have 2 of the same room no#'s. ARGH Then we wait 30 minutes in the hall for them to send up someone with new keys & no one shows up, we get aggravated & went back down to the lobby (that's when we found out they have 2 of the same rooms with the same room no#).. On top of this they didn't have the room I reserved/requested & on top of all this the whole place was terrible, it was old, every thing smelled like curry, it was in terrible shape (the halls, doors, every thing).. Not worth the money & we didn't even get to see the room which we figured was just as bad as every thing else. We just told them to give us our money back & we left. If your looking for a romantic getaway go to the Essence Suites in Orland Park or the Sybaris.. We ended up at the Essence & it was well worth the aggravation... Oh & the hotel was on Strike. They had strikers out front. ARGH Terrible Terrible Hotel.. Will not even try to stay here again....
This hotel is not for women. I have been to it more times than I can count (10). However, I did enjoy staying here. At first glance, it looks like a hotel. But there are a few bugs in the walls. The bathroom sink is very dirty and there is a white line on the ceiling that is slightly hard to see. The only other thing I did not like about the hotel was that the staff will occasionally break windows. A couple of months ago, while sleeping in the bathroom, someone tipped me off about the yellow line. Now that I am no longer in the room, I have to roll up in my bed in front of them and ask them for a "no sign of work" which I am currently told is only a few hours away. I simply do not believe this will be a problem. I wish the Hyatt were finally talking to more of their staff members who were quite honest with me. To the contrary, every single person that leaves here seems to be nice and accommodating. It is a total
DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!! After we checked in.. They gave us the wrong directions to our room & we got lost finding what we thought was our room, we finely found what we thought was our room only to find out both keys didn't work to the door.. Well unknown to us they have 2 of the same room no#'s. ARGH Then we wait 30 minutes in the hall for them to send up someone with new keys & no one shows up, we get aggravated & went back down to the lobby (that's when we found out they have 2 of the same rooms with the same room no#).. On top of this they didn't have the room I reserved/requested & on top of all this the whole place was terrible, it was old, every thing smelled like curry, it was in terrible shape (the halls, doors, every thing).. Not worth the money & we didn't even get to see the room which we figured was just as bad as every thing else. We just told them to give us our money back & we left. If your looking for a romantic getaway go to the Essence Suites in Orland Park or the Sybaris.. We ended up at the Essence & it was well worth the aggravation... Oh & the hotel was on Strike. They had strikers out front. ARGH Terrible Terrible Hotel.. Will not even try to stay here again....
I booked a room at this Chicago hotel with very bad booking information! The room was booked high and I expected it to be quite pleasant. Although it seemed to be quite spacious and comfortable, it actually had only two beds; I'll return to the Hyatt Regency to make sure. Despite this poor booking, the hotel just didn't treat me well. First off, the other four tables at the elevators, one for customers, one for a bookkeeper, one for a housekeeping, one for a front desk, two desk members for service workers and one for a cook called Joannette held a hand over her heart to see if the room had comfortable fluff or anything. Everything, from the initial adjustment, to the waiting for the waitress and all that, sucked. The front desk was very professional, the only reason we needed to call her was to hear what they needed to do, for which she did much better than the waitress. The establishment was nice and renovated, but I have to give them credit for the service.
DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!! After we checked in.. They gave us the wrong directions to our room & we got lost finding what we thought was our room, we finely found what we thought was our room only to find out both keys didn't work to the door.. Well unknown to us they have 2 of the same room no#'s. ARGH Then we wait 30 minutes in the hall for them to send up someone with new keys & no one shows up, we get aggravated & went back down to the lobby (that's when we found out they have 2 of the same rooms with the same room no#).. On top of this they didn't have the room I reserved/requested & on top of all this the whole place was terrible, it was old, every thing smelled like curry, it was in terrible shape (the halls, doors, every thing).. Not worth the money & we didn't even get to see the room which we figured was just as bad as every thing else. We just told them to give us our money back & we left. If your looking for a romantic getaway go to the Essence Suites in Orland Park or the Sybaris.. We ended up at the Essence & it was well worth the aggravation... Oh & the hotel was on Strike. They had strikers out front. ARGH Terrible Terrible Hotel.. Will not even try to stay here again.... what a mess..
DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!! After we checked in.. They gave us the wrong directions to our room & we got lost finding what we thought was our room, we finely found what we thought was our room only to find out both keys didn't work to the door.. Well unknown to us they have 2 of the same room no#'s. ARGH Then we wait 30 minutes in the hall for them to send up someone with new keys & no one shows up, we get aggravated & went back down to the lobby (that's when we found out they have 2 of the same rooms with the same room no#).. On top of this they didn't have the room I reserved/requested & on top of all this the whole place was terrible, it was old, every thing smelled like curry, it was in terrible shape (the halls, doors, every thing).. Not worth the money & we didn't even get to see the room which we figured was just as bad as every thing else. We just told them to give us our money back & we left. If your looking for a romantic getaway go to the Essence Suites in Orland Park or the Sybaris.. We ended up at the Essence & it was well worth the aggravation... Oh & the hotel was on Strike. They had strikers out front. ARGH Terrible Terrible Hotel.. Will not even try to stay here again....I was so disappointed... In a word I've never been so bad at hotel.. I really dont expect to stay here again.
A truly exceptional Chicago hotel, but not as luxurious as the Hyatt Regency but with clean lines, elegant (and soft) rooms, and the most impressive Bar, not to mention an astonishing $60K budget. Now that's far and away the best price and convenience you can find for a 1950's style hotel.
Went here to check out an older venue in the Hilton, never heard of Hilton but would recommend it - fresh and fresh feeling, a clean, well appointed table & a large lounge - every breakfast, cup of coffee and coffee maker makes a difference. However, I often hear that the larger guests are the bad-ass hotel workers who got away with a very minor fine and then complain - never expect from a Hyatt place again.  They are a small inconvenience, I even expected the ability to park my car outside the hotel lobby instead of getting in and out of the hotel.
Dana Hotel & Spa is by far, one of the best hotels I have ever stayed. The rooms are elegant and contemporary; which I enjoy over other hotel's classic and bland look and feel. Also, the customer service was great!! From the valet to the waiters in the restaurant to the front desk, everyone provided me with the upmost service and courtesy. Plus, they also have one of the best spas in the city, and an awesome rooftop nightclub, Vertigo. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Chicago, looking for a great spa treatment, or just looking to enjoy a great night out. If you're in Chicago, this is the hotel to stay!!!!
It's true Chicago.  It's simply the best place to stay.  You can get a room at a rockstar rate (free parking) and no credit card fee is required to stay.  Despite being a city landmark, the hotel is almost 50% more expensive than other hotel destinations in the city and the 3rd floor is the only small, close-up view to most city-northeast attractions.  I would give it 3 stars for the fact it is a very clean, contemporary hotel and we could have ended up sharing a room in the lobby of one of the best places in Chicago.  The back of the room was a little cheery at times and our rooming was limited due to general management.  Hotel staff was friendly, helpful, and positive.  I expect this hotel to be a good choice for clubs, people who know and love Chicago.  I'm sure I'll enjoy traveling to Chicago, possibly in December and getting a great experience the following year.
Dana Hotel & Spa is by far, one of the best hotels I have ever stayed. The rooms are elegant and contemporary; which I enjoy over other hotel's classic and bland look and feel. Also, the customer service was great!! From the valet to the waiters in the restaurant to the front desk, everyone provided me with the upmost service and courtesy. Plus, they also have one of the best spas in the city, and an awesome rooftop nightclub, Vertigo. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Chicago, looking for a great spa treatment, or just looking to enjoy a great night out. If you're in Chicago, this is the hotel to stay!!!!
Love it  every single time I try to book a room. The decor and location is always amazing. No matter where I'm at, I like this hotel. I have a gym and a gym guest suite - and a bath tub - and this one fits all my needs. The rooms are full and it has a great selection of products. One of the rooms is smaller than a hotel lobby, but the staff are quick and kind. Parking on 15th floor is free and really convenient, due to the 15-minute walk away and making my commute a little bit more comfortable. Next door, I hear people from upstairs calling me a faggot and the rest of the crowd would love to get away from the building. All in all, I would highly recommend this hotel.
Dana Hotel & Spa is by far, one of the best hotels I have ever stayed. The rooms are elegant and contemporary; which I enjoy over other hotel's classic and bland look and feel. Also, the customer service was great!! From the valet to the waiters in the restaurant to the front desk, everyone provided me with the upmost service and courtesy. Plus, they also have one of the best spas in the city, and an awesome rooftop nightclub, Vertigo. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Chicago, looking for a great spa treatment, or just looking to enjoy a great night out. If you're in Chicago, this is the hotel to stay!!!!
Dana Hotel & Spa is by far, one of the best hotels I have ever stayed. The rooms are elegant and contemporary; which I enjoy over other hotel's classic and bland look and feel. Also, the customer service was great!! From the valet to the waiters in the restaurant to the front desk, everyone provided me with the upmost service and courtesy. Plus, they also have one of the best spas in the city, and an awesome rooftop nightclub, Vertigo. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Chicago, looking for a great spa treatment, or just looking to enjoy a great night out. If you're in Chicago, this is the hotel to stay!!!!
Need to book a room at a better rate. Room was adequate in comfort.  At room 800, they made some changes to the room a couple of months ago, but your experience is not up to par.   Our room was a little larger than they had requested, and the sun roof was slightly above 90 degrees.  Luckily, the courthouses give wonderful views.  What bothered us was the lobby; we should have been able to just get a lobby lobby room at higher rates.
I stayed here several times while watching Disney World and am very glad I chose to stay here again. I am a fan of the variety and the view.  This hotel is one of those amenities I loved spending my nights in.  Our room was perfect! The rooms are only 5" in length, and the ceilings are a few inches wide.  The rooms fit all the boxes I want in my closet, and this gave me a great view of the lake from my bedroom windows!  I liked that this hotel does not pay for hotel service, as far as I can tell, with management fees! I will stay here again when I'm in town to enjoy everything with the kids.
The Palmer House allows dogs, and even walks them for you. Now that is what I call service! I mean please don't come at me with this and expect a free shuttle, this place is downright expensive! I live in a tiny town, which would make a huge error for you. It was great to get a taxi to go and talk to people in front of the Magnificent Mile Theater for some free lunch on their weekend! The bathroom in the North Tower and hallway is rather large but there is no room in the tower to open the door to the hotel, so it is a comfortable space for you, your pet, and the whole family. The apartment has two bedrooms in the 1st floor, plus they have a super comfy bed! Overall, Chicago has a really good free time.
My husband and I took the metro from the northeast to Lake Michigan around 5PM. We chose the Saturday is our second stay as the high point of our trip.  There were many other amenities that were convenient, including the pool, gym, closet, fridge, the wireless internet, internet access, restrooms, and 1-2 bathrooms in the Allerton house (one area was decorated in red with Ritz Carlton).  The library is impressive and in great condition and I enjoy walking to multiple downtown public places (Milwaukee Park, Park Avenue, and Grand Central Station).  The building is equipped with very well decorated, modern amenities, including the Metropolitan Museum, Millennium Park, Art Institute, Starbucks, and other shops within walking distance of most major attractions.  Also, we were impressed by the modern look of the restaurant from the lobby down the hall.  At the Hotel after dinner, if that wasn't enough, there was coffee.  We even had one cup of coffee at each table in the lobby.  We would avoid Chicago's hot spots much as I would miss out on a quick and inexpensive afternoon just down the street, but right now the place seems to be remarkably a catered restaurant.  This is definitely not what I expected.  Rooms are luxurious, with elegant pieces in the living room, saunter board chairs, fireplace and sunroof.  Not everything in the bathroom seemed to meet our expectations, but there were a few over-the-top gifts to be found throughout the room. The convenience of all this included moving luggage which unfortunately took up a lot of space and was a pain in the ass for our vehicle, both when driving
The Palmer House allows dogs, and even walks them for you. Now that is what I call service! You get "steampunk" and "free" public WiFi. Perfect for creative work, however, if you're creative you can expect car seats, garbage bins, full price internet for the restaurants, etc. There is a "dinner special discount" when you arrive at the event. I got to spend 15-20 minutes with the maid when we got to the elevators! In addition, the "platinum room" is far better priced than the "all dressinin" rooms at the Hilton.  The room in this hotel doesn't really use much space. Each room has a couches and a bathtub with a shower in the corner. It has wireless internet, coffee maker and desk rugs. The bathrooms are okay but the place is dirty and shady. If you travel up to South Central, it might be worth a try.
The Palmer House allows dogs, and even walks them for you. Now that is what I call service! But it is expensive and I have encountered many incidents of non-compliance, including late arrival, the vehicle was towed for a fee and was then returned to the owner. I highly recommend this location because it is right across the street from the Skyway from Uber rides.
Loved this place. We booked a room there, got an awesome room and slept in it for three nights (with no management of it). The view was absolutely breathtaking, beautiful and calm. The bathroom is overpriced.  The drywall and floor is very thin and still slightly dirty. Very cold to the touch. Loved the valet: Kate (a professional valet) mentioned that there are five rooms in the gym, which was very complimentary, and a few of the smaller size rooms have extremely large windows. Everyone was very friendly, comfy and helpful.  But seriously...that place is not a room...it's a place where kids sleep in the middle of the night and gets absolutely filthy and pet peeves are reported because it looks nice. We would visit again again to compare and more are coming for MORE.
I booked a hotel last year.  The room was good, its unpretentious and spacious.  You can hear everything the street lights that are flashing across the room in some bizarro dreamlike dreams.  I stayed on the 3rd floor until 3am when my hotel manager brought me in.  I went in but was greeted with a yelp in response.  The place is clean and very clean!
Great house! Got the elevator for my business this morning to stay at for 2 nights. Normally I would stay somewhere else in town. My rooms are quite small and the view is rather stunning! Every morning the staff is always helpful and friendly, as mentioned previously it was probably the cheapest hotel I have ever stayed at.
I've stayed at #9999 hotel for over 5 years and it still looks like there is a "downtown" vibe. I've stayed there 5 times in the last 4 years and it's all VERY beautiful and spacious. Not as contemporary, but The Bottomless Crayona Hotel looks awesome. No set theme, and the decor - a great rose glass lobby with vintage bathrooms and a stunning bathroom sink overlooking Lake Michigan - works. Super fun - we had the night rate of $46 a night ($5 at 4am). All because of low gas prices, awesome wifi, and the Food Mart parking lot that The Bottomless Crayona Hotel will be celebrating the 7th Anniversary of their open-air rooftop ballroom.Cons: The menu and service is standard of the hotel and the menus were positive and included everything you need to find everything. If you want the sushi & BBQ out of the way, definitely consider the all cell service available - free if you are okay with it!
This hotel was great, the rooms are small, and the staff is very friendly. This really sucks but I highly recommend this hotel. The staff are decent and friendly. This hotel was great for our short weekend trip to travel overland across the Midwestern Bistro, Michigan.  I'll definitely stay here again.
Love this hotel! We had a great time and loved the staff and all the lovely room we stayed in, our rooms were unique and the staff was excellent. The decor was okay, but if you wanted a view we recommend that you check out the lovely river entrance overlooking the hallways. The rooms are really nice and feel natural. Plus, the staff is super friendly and really knowledgeable. Our room was very comfortable. The staff came with their pets (we had to take one even though it had no pet beds), and our valet was super helpful with customer service issues.  The river overlooking the hotel would not be of use to a public place.Finally, at the bar all day long we could hear the crowd roar and chirp a few songs, including "Hotel Doubletree". Love that. It makes you feel like you're in a perfect little heaven! We didn't expect a $200 seat luxury hotel room so convenient, but hey, it's only a $200 minimum.Overall a great Chicago location. Great restaurants, great rooms, great views, and great people!
I stayed at a Chicago cabaret at the dollar mart between July and November/early October. I loved every minute of it. It was well service, full of good wines, cocktails, and a wide variety of drink options. The manager, Matt (the DJ), always courteous, kind, compassionate, and welcoming. I was impressed with the women he put on the street. Their attitude towards guests and what they see is always an improvement. If you don't mind getting a nice view look around town, drop
STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE.  I arrived at 3:45, check in is listed at 3 p.m.  I had booked a non-smoking room.  The smiling girl at the desk informed me that there were no non-smoking rooms available, but for an upgrade i could pay an extra $20 (i was already paying $200, nice 10% add on Hotel 71).  I declined the upgrade and informed her that i'd booked a n/s room and that's what i wanted... so she said i could wait 45 minutes while they ionized my room to get rid of the smoke smell.  i was tired.  fine, i'll try it.  my wife and i returned to our room around 9:30 to chill out.  The tub was broken so my wife couldn't take a bath.  They had booked us in a room at the end of the hall with the entire rest of the floor booked to a wedding party.  We were up all night.  People in and out of their rooms, slamming doors, knocking on doors being loud...oh and now the smoke smell was re-emerging in our room.  finally at 1:30 in the a.m. i called the front desk, i couldn't take it.  Miraculously, now there was a N/S room available at no extra charge.  They sent up a security guard who just handed me a new room key and left.  No help w/ our bags or anything for the 1:30 IN THE MORNING ROOM MOVE!  They wanted to make me feel  better by giving me free breakfast.  When i checked  out the next morning, the counter girl said 'you're all set'  without giving me a receipt. after i requested the receipt and checked it.-- $50 room service fee for the 'free' breakfast they promised.  STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE.  I DO NOT recommend staying at 2-3 and the room can get very hot for 2-3 hours on the rooftop pool.  The hotel cannot sit on its own because it
STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE.  I arrived at 3:45, check in is listed at 3 p.m.  I had booked a non-smoking room.  The smiling girl at the desk informed me that there were no non-smoking rooms available, but for an upgrade i could pay an extra $20 (i was already paying $200, nice 10% add on Hotel 71).  I declined the upgrade and informed her that i'd booked a n/s room and that's what i wanted... so she said i could wait 45 minutes while they ionized my room to get rid of the smoke smell.  i was tired.  fine, i'll try it.  my wife and i returned to our room around 9:30 to chill out.  The tub was broken so my wife couldn't take a bath.  They had booked us in a room at the end of the hall with the entire rest of the floor booked to a wedding party.  We were up all night.  People in and out of their rooms, slamming doors, knocking on doors being loud...oh and now the smoke smell was re-emerging in our room.  finally at 1:30 in the a.m. i called the front desk, i couldn't take it.  Miraculously, now there was a N/S room available at no extra charge.  They sent up a security guard who just handed me a new room key and left.  No help w/ our bags or anything for the 1:30 IN THE MORNING ROOM MOVE!  They wanted to make me feel  better by giving me free breakfast.  When i checked  out the next morning, the counter girl said 'you're all set'  without giving me a receipt. after i requested the receipt and checked it.-- $50 room service fee for the 'free' breakfast they promised.  STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE.  $200 OLD TICKET SPICING SUPERB FOR REFUND.  THEY HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH IT.  I will be doing what i can to hide this money from my family for
STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE.  I arrived at 3:45, check in is listed at 3 p.m.  I had booked a non-smoking room.  The smiling girl at the desk informed me that there were no non-smoking rooms available, but for an upgrade i could pay an extra $20 (i was already paying $200, nice 10% add on Hotel 71).  I declined the upgrade and informed her that i'd booked a n/s room and that's what i wanted... so she said i could wait 45 minutes while they ionized my room to get rid of the smoke smell.  i was tired.  fine, i'll try it.  my wife and i returned to our room around 9:30 to chill out.  The tub was broken so my wife couldn't take a bath.  They had booked us in a room at the end of the hall with the entire rest of the floor booked to a wedding party.  We were up all night.  People in and out of their rooms, slamming doors, knocking on doors being loud...oh and now the smoke smell was re-emerging in our room.  finally at 1:30 in the a.m. i called the front desk, i couldn't take it.  Miraculously, now there was a N/S room available at no extra charge.  They sent up a security guard who just handed me a new room key and left.  No help w/ our bags or anything for the 1:30 IN THE MORNING ROOM MOVE!  They wanted to make me feel  better by giving me free breakfast.  When i checked  out the next morning, the counter girl said 'you're all set'  without giving me a receipt. after i requested the receipt and checked it.-- $50 room service fee for the 'free' breakfast they promised.  STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE.
STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE.  I arrived at 3:45, check in is listed at 3 p.m.  I had booked a non-smoking room.  The smiling girl at the desk informed me that there were no non-smoking rooms available, but for an upgrade i could pay an extra $20 (i was already paying $200, nice 10% add on Hotel 71).  I declined the upgrade and informed her that i'd booked a n/s room and that's what i wanted... so she said i could wait 45 minutes while they ionized my room to get rid of the smoke smell.  i was tired.  fine, i'll try it.  my wife and i returned to our room around 9:30 to chill out.  The tub was broken so my wife couldn't take a bath.  They had booked us in a room at the end of the hall with the entire rest of the floor booked to a wedding party.  We were up all night.  People in and out of their rooms, slamming doors, knocking on doors being loud...oh and now the smoke smell was re-emerging in our room.  finally at 1:30 in the a.m. i called the front desk, i couldn't take it.  Miraculously, now there was a N/S room available at no extra charge.  They sent up a security guard who just handed me a new room key and left.  No help w/ our bags or anything for the 1:30 IN THE MORNING ROOM MOVE!  They wanted to make me feel  better by giving me free breakfast.  When i checked  out the next morning, the counter girl said 'you're all set'  without giving me a receipt. after i requested the receipt and checked it.-- $50 room service fee for the 'free' breakfast they promised.  STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE.  I had booked a non-smoking room at 3 pm and they told me that they'd simply replace it when they finally get back to me.  NO PROOF PROMO!  they
The rooms are clean and comfortable and the staff are friendly and helpful.  We've stayed at the Western Michigan Inn, Spruce Street, Jackson Square and Cuyahoga river hotels in the past and this place makes our 2 beds so we're not expecting to end up staying in a two-bed suite.  The concierge handling the room, service was great and the coffee was not bad. We only use the Magnificent Mile but the Millennium and Concierge have stayed here twice since they moved here in the late 90's.  We've enjoyed our stay here on our business trip, so feel free to tell us what you've enjoyed.  If you're feeling adventurous, stay here for lunch or a quick evening sit down.
There's more to La Plaza than hotels out there and the quality is spot on.I ate there at my @nolifed wedding in July, loved it. The room is comfortable, plush, and comfortable. The glass ceiling and the wide variety of windows make the view from all locations easy and on. Awesome  everyone, always positive and welcoming!  Room service is spot on and accommodating. Breakfast is always ok and the super food  is okay. We liked a great spot to walk down to the pool at the end for some food.  We'll definitely be staying back, nice guys!
This is one of my go to hotel.  Every time I come to the hotel I have to hold it up while I'm waiting for the elevator to drop my bags.  I had to get down to the second floor so I couldn't even get up.  After a lot of fiddling and checking at the glass elevator, the company confirmed that my bag was fine but didn't put the bag back in it.  Its over and it could have been five or six dollars worth of trouble. I would definitely go back to this hotel again.
I checked out a day early and drove 4 hours in the middle of the night to get away from this hotel. This is a warning for you, even if you think the price is good! This hotel is terrible and the photos at their website are grossly misleading. Even understanding that is an old building, that doesn't excuse the other issues going on inside the rooms. First of all, we asked for a new room after being put in a tiny corner room (that looked like a prison cell) on the 8th floor because it smelled so badly like urine and mildew. Our second room (the exact same room, only on the 11th floor) wasn't much better. It was mildewy, but less of a urine odor. To be honest, we didn't spend much time in the room the first day. Here are the other issues with the rooms: the elevators are very slow, the TVs are old and have horrible reception, the air conditioning is via a window unit which barely works and only blows air through the mildew smelling curtains (which you have to keep closed because there are people working in the buildings adjacent), it takes forever for the water to get warm let alone hot, there were dead bugs smashed on the bathroom wall, hair everywhere, mold on the shower curtain and just an overall feeling of uncleanliness. We left early due to the fact I have mold allergies and I began to develop an upper respiratory infection. The manager still charged us for 1/2 the day, but we were just happy to leave. We drove 4 hours back to Detroit to get away. Yes, we left the Chicago Travelodge for Detroit if this gives you any idea of how terrible this place was. (I've never missed Detroit so badly!) The mold is something that is embedded
I checked out a day early and drove 4 hours in the middle of the night to get away from this hotel. This is a warning for you, even if you think the price is good! This hotel is terrible and the photos at their website are grossly misleading. Even understanding that is an old building, that doesn't excuse the other issues going on inside the rooms. First of all, we asked for a new room after being put in a tiny corner room (that looked like a prison cell) on the 8th floor because it smelled so badly like urine and mildew. Our second room (the exact same room, only on the 11th floor) wasn't much better. It was mildewy, but less of a urine odor. To be honest, we didn't spend much time in the room the first day. Here are the other issues with the rooms: the elevators are very slow, the TVs are old and have horrible reception, the air conditioning is via a window unit which barely works and only blows air through the mildew smelling curtains (which you have to keep closed because there are people working in the buildings adjacent), it takes forever for the water to get warm let alone hot, there were dead bugs smashed on the bathroom wall, hair everywhere, mold on the shower curtain and just an overall feeling of uncleanliness. We left early due to the fact I have mold allergies and I began to develop an upper respiratory infection. The manager still charged us for 1/2 the day, but we were just happy to leave. We drove 4 hours back to Detroit to get away. Yes, we left the Chicago Travelodge for Detroit if this gives you any idea of how terrible this place was. (I've never missed Detroit so badly!) The mold is something that is embedded
I checked out a day early and drove 4 hours in the middle of the night to get away from this hotel. This is a warning for you, even if you think the price is good! This hotel is terrible and the photos at their website are grossly misleading. Even understanding that is an old building, that doesn't excuse the other issues going on inside the rooms. First of all, we asked for a new room after being put in a tiny corner room (that looked like a prison cell) on the 8th floor because it smelled so badly like urine and mildew. Our second room (the exact same room, only on the 11th floor) wasn't much better. It was mildewy, but less of a urine odor. To be honest, we didn't spend much time in the room the first day. Here are the other issues with the rooms: the elevators are very slow, the TVs are old and have horrible reception, the air conditioning is via a window unit which barely works and only blows air through the mildew smelling curtains (which you have to keep closed because there are people working in the buildings adjacent), it takes forever for the water to get warm let alone hot, there were dead bugs smashed on the bathroom wall, hair everywhere, mold on the shower curtain and just an overall feeling of uncleanliness. We left early due to the fact I have mold allergies and I began to develop an upper respiratory infection. The manager still charged us for 1/2 the day, but we were just happy to leave. We drove 4 hours back to Detroit to get away. Yes, we left the Chicago Travelodge for Detroit if this gives you any idea of how terrible this place was. (I've never missed Detroit so badly!) The mold is something that is embedded
I checked out a day early and drove 4 hours in the middle of the night to get away from this hotel. This is a warning for you, even if you think the price is good! This hotel is terrible and the photos at their website are grossly misleading. Even understanding that is an old building, that doesn't excuse the other issues going on inside the rooms. First of all, we asked for a new room after being put in a tiny corner room (that looked like a prison cell) on the 8th floor because it smelled so badly like urine and mildew. Our second room (the exact same room, only on the 11th floor) wasn't much better. It was mildewy, but less of a urine odor. To be honest, we didn't spend much time in the room the first day. Here are the other issues with the rooms: the elevators are very slow, the TVs are old and have horrible reception, the air conditioning is via a window unit which barely works and only blows air through the mildew smelling curtains (which you have to keep closed because there are people working in the buildings adjacent), it takes forever for the water to get warm let alone hot, there were dead bugs smashed on the bathroom wall, hair everywhere, mold on the shower curtain and just an overall feeling of uncleanliness. We left early due to the fact I have mold allergies and I began to develop an upper respiratory infection. The manager still charged us for 1/2 the day, but we were just happy to leave. We drove 4 hours back to Detroit to get away. Yes, we left the Chicago Travelodge for Detroit if this gives you any idea of how terrible this place was. (I've never missed Detroit so badly!) The mold is something that is embedded
Stayed here earlier this month for the 4th long weekend (I'm from Toronto, friends drove from Indiana). I should mention that I'm not one who cares for a super-fancy room. Besides, how much time are you going to spend in it for anything other than sleeping? But there were some big problems. I'll break it down this way:The Good:-free parking-free internet (we had no issues with the connection)-decent central location-the amazing bellhop (?) whose name I cannot remember. He was a sweetheart and super helpfulThe Bad:-old, old building with THE SLOWEST, tiniest elevators, ever-front desk stuff that were, well, not so bright (best example of this is when I had to get the manager to call my credit card company and reverse the room charge after I told them explicitly I wanted to pay cash. This could have very well ruined my entire weekend, not to mention my ability to shop/eat, if the charge hadn't been dropped)-stairwells smelled like piss-puny, old bathrooms with barely enough room to turn around in(sink is actually located outside the bathroom itself)-very noisy in the halls, and in the room above us (elephants?) and little will on the part of hotel staff to do anything about itMaybe some of my beefs are a little circumstantial, but I still don't think it was worth the price I paid. If I return to Chicago I'll be staying somewhere else. (This is most definitely not a plus - even if I plan to stay there again, I'd have to stay there for a bit.)-Foiled an open A/V/FP request and had to go through the security systems. But my nightmare was even worse. For starters, you have to explain that you would like to use the Millennium Hyatt Regenc
Stayed here earlier this month for the 4th long weekend (I'm from Toronto, friends drove from Indiana). I should mention that I'm not one who cares for a super-fancy room. Besides, how much time are you going to spend in it for anything other than sleeping? But there were some big problems. I'll break it down this way:The Good:-free parking-free internet (we had no issues with the connection)-decent central location-the amazing bellhop (?) whose name I cannot remember. He was a sweetheart and super helpfulThe Bad:-old, old building with THE SLOWEST, tiniest elevators, ever-front desk stuff that were, well, not so bright (best example of this is when I had to get the manager to call my credit card company and reverse the room charge after I told them explicitly I wanted to pay cash. This could have very well ruined my entire weekend, not to mention my ability to shop/eat, if the charge hadn't been dropped)-stairwells smelled like piss-puny, old bathrooms with barely enough room to turn around in(sink is actually located outside the bathroom itself)-very noisy in the halls, and in the room above us (elephants?) and little will on the part of hotel staff to do anything about itMaybe some of my beefs are a little circumstantial, but I still don't think it was worth the price I paid. If I return to Chicago I'll be staying somewhere else.
Stayed here earlier this month for the 4th long weekend (I'm from Toronto, friends drove from Indiana). I should mention that I'm not one who cares for a super-fancy room. Besides, how much time are you going to spend in it for anything other than sleeping? But there were some big problems. I'll break it down this way:The Good:-free parking-free internet (we had no issues with the connection)-decent central location-the amazing bellhop (?) whose name I cannot remember. He was a sweetheart and super helpfulThe Bad:-old, old building with THE SLOWEST, tiniest elevators, ever-front desk stuff that were, well, not so bright (best example of this is when I had to get the manager to call my credit card company and reverse the room charge after I told them explicitly I wanted to pay cash. This could have very well ruined my entire weekend, not to mention my ability to shop/eat, if the charge hadn't been dropped)-stairwells smelled like piss-puny, old bathrooms with barely enough room to turn around in(sink is actually located outside the bathroom itself)-very noisy in the halls, and in the room above us (elephants?) and little will on the part of hotel staff to do anything about itMaybe some of my beefs are a little circumstantial, but I still don't think it was worth the price I paid. If I return to Chicago I'll be staying somewhere else.O-Glass bars are really expensive, all of which served me great coffee in Oak Park because I was in town, but I'd much rather spend my time at Starbucks and do chores other than drink at Starbucks instead. Strangely, I'm not a coffee drinker so I didn't get creative on the cost, and I really liked every
Stayed here earlier this month for the 4th long weekend (I'm from Toronto, friends drove from Indiana). I should mention that I'm not one who cares for a super-fancy room. Besides, how much time are you going to spend in it for anything other than sleeping? But there were some big problems. I'll break it down this way:The Good:-free parking-free internet (we had no issues with the connection)-decent central location-the amazing bellhop (?) whose name I cannot remember. He was a sweetheart and super helpfulThe Bad:-old, old building with THE SLOWEST, tiniest elevators, ever-front desk stuff that were, well, not so bright (best example of this is when I had to get the manager to call my credit card company and reverse the room charge after I told them explicitly I wanted to pay cash. This could have very well ruined my entire weekend, not to mention my ability to shop/eat, if the charge hadn't been dropped)-stairwells smelled like piss-puny, old bathrooms with barely enough room to turn around in(sink is actually located outside the bathroom itself)-very noisy in the halls, and in the room above us (elephants?) and little will on the part of hotel staff to do anything about itMaybe some of my beefs are a little circumstantial, but I still don't think it was worth the price I paid. If I return to Chicago I'll be staying somewhere else.
Loved this place. It was unique, flexible, clean, with a large collection of nice things to do. Food was stellar. Staff was friendly and attentive. Parked in a nicely secluded corner area with pool, coffee shop, and indoor fitness center. Given the location, the hotels are a perfect fit for a small, but well-dressed gentleman. The room was comfortable and, while it was smaller than many expensive hotels, it wasn't nearly as secluded as most of the fancy hotels available in Chicago. The mattress bed was comfortable and had a very firm, comfortable pillow. I did find a few underclassmen on the bed, but this was generally a problem for the women. Speaking of women, the bathrooms were small and room service was poor.  The room was clean, not as close to your standard "office" looking room but fairly average.  It also tended to give out huge sm
I love to run in the mornings and yes sometimes do get hungry really fast.I stopped here with my girlfriend and we ordered, 1 french toast, a bowl of oat meal and 2 glasses of orange juice.and maybe we were just a little in a hurry and waiting 10 minutes for the orange juice to show up may have felt like 20 minutes, but 10 minutes seriously? It didn't seem as if the wait staff cared if we were here or not. the food was ok, service terrible. and the music was way too loud for an enjoyable breakfast. I'm not one who likes noisy breakfast at breakfast times but the service was terrible (if not horrible).If you've ever wanted to explore downtown and find a hotel or club within walking distance of city lights to enjoy your evening (and hopefully enjoy the limited space available if you live in the Chicagoland area), then you'll find this business.  The nightshade is better than ever, but both rooms are small.My girlfriend and I stayed at The Café for $14.00 but i ended up staying at Dana instead.  This is a real worth the money considering the good price. And yes, i liked the restaurant by a mile but i'd say if you're in the Chicago area, stay at James and cross its streets to keep up with the flow of the crowd, i'd just give it a try.*If you like your rooms to be clean, affordable and comfortable (which many will tell you to do), stay at the James.
I have nothing but great things to say about the Holiday Inn Mart Plaza. I had my wedding there on October 23, 2010. I looked at more than 15 reception venues in the Chicagoland area and no place compared to the Holiday Inn 15th Floor Wolf Point Ballroom! When comparing  the price per plate and the  ballroom with gorgeous views to other venues-it was an easy decision to make! Barbara Martin, the event coordinator, is very experienced, professional, and will answer any questions you have leading up to the night of your event. She made my wedding planning so simple with a list of recommended vendors to use for chair covers, music, entertainment, ect.  We had hor'dourves during cocktail hour-tuscan chicken, coconut shrimp, and champange cantelope soup shots-Our guests LOVED all of them!  Then when they open the doors to the main room-I don't even know where to begin! The view is spectacular, our head table was decorated beautifully, the food tasted great, and the staff went above and beyond to make sure our guests were pleased! Our wedding cake from Alliance Bakery (which is included in your wedding package) came out exactly how we envisioned it, and it was the best tasting cake I have ever had. Our bridal suite had an amazing view and it was huge! Our entire night at the Holiday Inn was perfect and I would highly recommend meeting with Barbara Martin if you are planning a wedding or event in the Chicagoland area!
I have nothing but great things to say about the Holiday Inn Mart Plaza. I had my wedding there on October 23, 2010. I looked at more than 15 reception venues in the Chicagoland area and no place compared to the Holiday Inn 15th Floor Wolf Point Ballroom! When comparing  the price per plate and the  ballroom with gorgeous views to other venues-it was an easy decision to make! Barbara Martin, the event coordinator, is very experienced, professional, and will answer any questions you have leading up to the night of your event. She made my wedding planning so simple with a list of recommended vendors to use for chair covers, music, entertainment, ect.  We had hor'dourves during cocktail hour-tuscan chicken, coconut shrimp, and champange cantelope soup shots-Our guests LOVED all of them!  Then when they open the doors to the main room-I don't even know where to begin! The view is spectacular, our head table was decorated beautifully, the food tasted great, and the staff went above and beyond to make sure our guests were pleased! Our wedding cake from Alliance Bakery (which is included in your wedding package) came out exactly how we envisioned it, and it was the best tasting cake I have ever had. Our bridal suite had an amazing view and it was huge! Our entire night at the Holiday Inn was perfect and I would highly recommend meeting with Barbara Martin if you are planning a wedding or event in the Chicagoland area!
I saw this place a few years ago and loved it. I had all the basics. We had a fresh produce martini (Hot Cocktails, a Trader Joe's and a Big Mac), a swanky club with cocktails, and a cool evening- Spa, fitness room, bar and restaurant. What a luxurious run! We thought the location and smell of the place were amazing, with lots of stunning lake views! For all the coupons I gave, they went great with my $20 per person transfer- plus the special when I earned $300. All they asked for was one year of free parking and reasonable room rates. It's a good thing they gave me a downtown Star to use when I worked at Starbucks. The rooms and cabins are nice and nicely organized, with its excellent staff! First point of note: Don't take advantage of the Holiday Inn Mart Plaza!! They have no coffee and if you want to smoke in the restaurant,
I have nothing but great things to say about the Holiday Inn Mart Plaza. I had my wedding there on October 23, 2010. I looked at more than 15 reception venues in the Chicagoland area and no place compared to the Holiday Inn 15th Floor Wolf Point Ballroom! When comparing  the price per plate and the  ballroom with gorgeous views to other venues-it was an easy decision to make! Barbara Martin, the event coordinator, is very experienced, professional, and will answer any questions you have leading up to the night of your event. She made my wedding planning so simple with a list of recommended vendors to use for chair covers, music, entertainment, ect.  We had hor'dourves during cocktail hour-tuscan chicken, coconut shrimp, and champange cantelope soup shots-Our guests LOVED all of them!  Then when they open the doors to the main room-I don't even know where to begin! The view is spectacular, our head table was decorated beautifully, the food tasted great, and the staff went above and beyond to make sure our guests were pleased! Our wedding cake from Alliance Bakery (which is included in your wedding package) came out exactly how we envisioned it, and it was the best tasting cake I have ever had. Our bridal suite had an amazing view and it was huge! Our entire night at the Holiday Inn was perfect and I would highly recommend meeting with Barbara Martin if you are planning a wedding or event in the Chicagoland area!  Book your room for free, arrive early, and plan to have everything wrapped up by 10PM tomorrow!
I have nothing but great things to say about the Holiday Inn Mart Plaza. I had my wedding there on October 23, 2010. I looked at more than 15 reception venues in the Chicagoland area and no place compared to the Holiday Inn 15th Floor Wolf Point Ballroom! When comparing  the price per plate and the  ballroom with gorgeous views to other venues-it was an easy decision to make! Barbara Martin, the event coordinator, is very experienced, professional, and will answer any questions you have leading up to the night of your event. She made my wedding planning so simple with a list of recommended vendors to use for chair covers, music, entertainment, ect.  We had hor'dourves during cocktail hour-tuscan chicken, coconut shrimp, and champange cantelope soup shots-Our guests LOVED all of them!  Then when they open the doors to the main room-I don't even know where to begin! The view is spectacular, our head table was decorated beautifully, the food tasted great, and the staff went above and beyond to make sure our guests were pleased! Our wedding cake from Alliance Bakery (which is included in your wedding package) came out exactly how we envisioned it, and it was the best tasting cake I have ever had. Our bridal suite had an amazing view and it was huge! Our entire night at the Holiday Inn was perfect and I would highly recommend meeting with Barbara Martin if you are planning a wedding or event in the Chicagoland area!  Barbara Martinez, the event coordinator, is super gracious, opinionated, and good friends with Iza Dana, the Wedding Director. Barbara Martinez is an incredible figure with unique gifts. She has a wonderful enthusiasm for o
This is a very pleasant and sophisticated hotel, with superb views of Chicago's skyline, lakefront, river and lake shoreline.  The restaurant (Ouro Pas) is located on the southern corner, which for the most part is used for car shopping.  So it's not that the restaurants are dirty and shallow, but that it's a very modern restaurant.  I enjoyed the Bar the last time I stayed in Chicago, but nothing compares to the quality of the food at this restaurant!
Nothing fancy at all for the price. No decor, no furnishings, just the bed and breakfast at a nice young lady/sheriff.  Room service is the best I've had in a while, and very helpful.  Excess baggage was charged right out the window!
Stayed here after making the trek to Erlanger, Washington, to review my review.  I enjoyed this hotel for the location, decent service, and excellent customer service.  By the way, the place has two private gymnasiums which are situated adjacent to a shopping center which is all around nice and quiet.  We didn't mind the fact that I liked the sound and sights because of this hotel.
First of all we really liked this hotel. We ordered an excellent breakfast for $29.95 a person which was sooo good! I enjoy breakfast in beds and at the pool. If you're in central Michigan you won't want to miss out on that! The restaurant was very nice and service was so friendly. I like, say and do things in Michigan, I think when you're getting in to the city, do everything else the city does, do that in Chicago..and then you get the downtown coffee chain. Also the hotel was very clean and welcoming and I could sleep at night! Overall the parking was nice, staff was very friendly and customer service nice too.
We attended a wedding anniversary party, and had the chance to get some of the most fabulous customer service we had ever received. I was told that they will pick up small event luggage which is an inexpensive addition to our package and can be transferred between rooms when needed. I recently got home to the planning room (which I was probably supposed to view due to the tight deadlines) and I found a box of scratch paper with handwritten dates on it and no special (per-view) note for the event. When I asked how that ended, the planning room manager told me that they only provide wedding gifts. On a big note, I figured that one time the planning room wasn't working on the birthday party, so I went ahead and get a wedding ring for them. By the way, upon my second attempt at sharing my wedding ring, they were free of charge. Didn't they just deliver? So.. you could say that the event was perfect!
I always like the customer service here plus the atmosphere and the girls are so hot and hip."--Rookie---"We love it here. The decor is perfect with the girls and the size is just right! The rooms I stayed in were very clean. The rooms are not much bigger than a typical room, but they didn't have the closet and you could never get up on a bright day, or in the middle of a rainy night!The coffee makers don't taste like anything that you have ever used before, but they make it look like it."--East Coast Stafford---"What a great deal. The rooms are modern, spacious, and offer plenty of exercise space. Love the wifi, restaurants and not having to worry about that desk."--Somebody in the parking lot---"They did a great job getting me to the Magnificent Mile!! I felt really lucky to have this option after three straight nights of driving through shopping malls and seeing so many choices (from Aqua boutique to Levi's to discount sushi bars, to pop-up grocery stores, and up to 2,000 bathtub tops.) We were too busy navigating traffic to avoid being caught up. The staff seemed very friendly and helpful. We have been on two different cruise lines that no longer serve complimentary champagne every time I arrive in town. I didn't pay for the Suites by Marriott, so that was a hassle."--Caitlin--"I was definitely impressed with these rooms.  My family always liked to stay here, and I love staying here. The place is cozy, and the rooms are so clean.  The bath tub is of course a necessity as you must drink in the tub several times per day, and this is less of a necessity than the king size bath.  My daughter and I kept up a great deal of requests a
Do you enjoy staying here? Too bad. The name is a bit redundant. The hotel itself is unique, I can't help but agree with the words of a parking garage attendant. If you're at a business party or party this should be your hotel.  You get a nice nice, clean place with good service, great customer service and you're in town.  If you've never heard of it but want to check it out, why not?This place has a great location too. The parking lot on the street really is tight, it can get pretty crowded. I try not to disturb guests because they know I will. Staff was friendly and we really enjoyed our stay there. I will stay somewhere else for sure.
We have stayed at various Marriotts across the country, which is part of the reason we selected this hotel. The location was good, and with the supposed floor to ceiling windows that opened for a fabulous city view, we thought it would be a great spot.1. The windows are not floor to ceiling as advertised, and they only open about 3 inches. We really had no city view at all, since the inside of the windows were iced over for almost our entire stay. I live in the Midwest where it gets quite cold, but my windows never ice on the inside...2. As a result of this ice issue, the room was FREEZING. I am a person who sleeps in shorts and a tank top in the middle of Nebraska winters with the fan on. In this room, I was in pants, long sleeves, buried under the covers, and still freezing cold. All this while the heater was set on 77 degrees. 3. You'll realize how ridiculous 77 degrees is when you realize the room is tiny. I've stayed in Super 8s with bigger rooms. I must say, they take flattering photos for their advertisements! The room really was way too small. The restroom was tiny. Thank goodness I am a small person, because I don't know how anyone too much bigger could even get in the room enough to shut the door. 4. Our "city view" was none other than a view of a busy road and some crappy roofs. We could not see the skyline from our room. So how they can sell this view for an extra price is beyond me. 5. Not all of our TV channels worked. This created a problem since it was bowl week, and the channels that didn't work were channels showing games. The staff could not have cared less, and never offered any help other than suggesting we "go
We have stayed at various Marriotts across the country, which is part of the reason we selected this hotel. The location was good, and with the supposed floor to ceiling windows that opened for a fabulous city view, we thought it would be a great spot.1. The windows are not floor to ceiling as advertised, and they only open about 3 inches. We really had no city view at all, since the inside of the windows were iced over for almost our entire stay. I live in the Midwest where it gets quite cold, but my windows never ice on the inside...2. As a result of this ice issue, the room was FREEZING. I am a person who sleeps in shorts and a tank top in the middle of Nebraska winters with the fan on. In this room, I was in pants, long sleeves, buried under the covers, and still freezing cold. All this while the heater was set on 77 degrees. 3. You'll realize how ridiculous 77 degrees is when you realize the room is tiny. I've stayed in Super 8s with bigger rooms. I must say, they take flattering photos for their advertisements! The room really was way too small. The restroom was tiny. Thank goodness I am a small person, because I don't know how anyone too much bigger could even get in the room enough to shut the door. 4. Our "city view" was none other than a view of a busy road and some crappy roofs. We could not see the skyline from our room. So how they can sell this view for an extra price is beyond me. 5. Not all of our TV channels worked. This created a problem since it was bowl week, and the channels that didn't work were channels showing games. The staff could not have cared less, and never offered any help other than suggesting we "go
We have stayed at various Marriotts across the country, which is part of the reason we selected this hotel. The location was good, and with the supposed floor to ceiling windows that opened for a fabulous city view, we thought it would be a great spot.1. The windows are not floor to ceiling as advertised, and they only open about 3 inches. We really had no city view at all, since the inside of the windows were iced over for almost our entire stay. I live in the Midwest where it gets quite cold, but my windows never ice on the inside...2. As a result of this ice issue, the room was FREEZING. I am a person who sleeps in shorts and a tank top in the middle of Nebraska winters with the fan on. In this room, I was in pants, long sleeves, buried under the covers, and still freezing cold. All this while the heater was set on 77 degrees. 3. You'll realize how ridiculous 77 degrees is when you realize the room is tiny. I've stayed in Super 8s with bigger rooms. I must say, they take flattering photos for their advertisements! The room really was way too small. The restroom was tiny. Thank goodness I am a small person, because I don't know how anyone too much bigger could even get in the room enough to shut the door. 4. Our "city view" was none other than a view of a busy road and some crappy roofs. We could not see the skyline from our room. So how they can sell this view for an extra price is beyond me. 5. Not all of our TV channels worked. This created a problem since it was bowl week, and the channels that didn't work were channels showing games. The staff could not have cared less, and never offered any help other than suggesting we "go
We have stayed at various Marriotts across the country, which is part of the reason we selected this hotel. The location was good, and with the supposed floor to ceiling windows that opened for a fabulous city view, we thought it would be a great spot.1. The windows are not floor to ceiling as advertised, and they only open about 3 inches. We really had no city view at all, since the inside of the windows were iced over for almost our entire stay. I live in the Midwest where it gets quite cold, but my windows never ice on the inside...2. As a result of this ice issue, the room was FREEZING. I am a person who sleeps in shorts and a tank top in the middle of Nebraska winters with the fan on. In this room, I was in pants, long sleeves, buried under the covers, and still freezing cold. All this while the heater was set on 77 degrees. 3. You'll realize how ridiculous 77 degrees is when you realize the room is tiny. I've stayed in Super 8s with bigger rooms. I must say, they take flattering photos for their advertisements! The room really was way too small. The restroom was tiny. Thank goodness I am a small person, because I don't know how anyone too much bigger could even get in the room enough to shut the door. 4. Our "city view" was none other than a view of a busy road and some crappy roofs. We could not see the skyline from our room. So how they can sell this view for an extra price is beyond me. 5. Not all of our TV channels worked. This created a problem since it was bowl week, and the channels that didn't work were channels showing games. The staff could not have cared less, and never offered any help other than suggesting we "go
I attended a wedding here last month, and it was fantastic!  The room was beautiful and the sauteed garlic shrimp appetizer was to die for.  Seriously, that was probably the best thing I've ever eaten at a wedding.  I want to go back for more!  It was a pretty big wedding of over 300 people, but I dont think that is an excuse for nothing but exceptional service.  Our corner table was forgotten a few times, and I even had to get up to ask someone to deliver our pasta dish.  All in all, the food was good even if the service wasn't.  Plus, I loved the room the wedding was in.  I'd definitely recommend checking it out for your wedding.
If you're like us, you're probably never going to be able to afford rooms in restaurants.  Forget your showroom, the place is all cheap for a low-key hotel. I mean, it's open all the time, right?  So do you really want to waste your bathroom break and be stuck at home? Well, here you go: Avoid the room that I was in in and go to someone else's place instead.  I walked across the street and looked up the mini-brewery across the street (which we brought along as well). When I called, the place was closed and we had to walk through the name "HUMANNE LOVE."  The waiter asked us to move the plates for one price instead of the other
I attended a wedding here last month, and it was fantastic!  The room was beautiful and the sauteed garlic shrimp appetizer was to die for.  Seriously, that was probably the best thing I've ever eaten at a wedding.  I want to go back for more!  It was a pretty big wedding of over 300 people, but I dont think that is an excuse for nothing but exceptional service.  Our corner table was forgotten a few times, and I even had to get up to ask someone to deliver our pasta dish.  All in all, the food was good even if the service wasn't.  Plus, I loved the room the wedding was in.  I'd definitely recommend checking it out for your wedding.
How was I ever able to get that fair price here? I was young and tired of dealing with high prices and usually pay more for this place than I do hotel stays. I'm looking to spend $200+ per night here for a quick per diem dinner which I'm not overly thrilled about, even though the cashier actually confirmed that it is half-price.  The view was very limited, and while it was better than what the downstairs staff provided for my room, it was dim and was a bit smelly. There were drinks available in the front desk or in the bathroom. A nice view of Lake Michigan is offered from some lake level tables, while others offer mini view points.
I attended a wedding here last month, and it was fantastic!  The room was beautiful and the sauteed garlic shrimp appetizer was to die for.  Seriously, that was probably the best thing I've ever eaten at a wedding.  I want to go back for more!  It was a pretty big wedding of over 300 people, but I dont think that is an excuse for nothing but exceptional service.  Our corner table was forgotten a few times, and I even had to get up to ask someone to deliver our pasta dish.  All in all, the food was good even if the service wasn't.  Plus, I loved the room the wedding was in.  I'd definitely recommend checking it out for your wedding.
Love everything about Milwaukee and I've never stayed here before. They have over 50 different rooms! My parents were great with this place and I liked the office space and the jewelry.The rooms are fine and the decor is clean and tidy. The staff was helpful throughout the wedding.  Could definately use the hotel remodel and in a heartbeat would never be a death row. No issues with rooms on either side of the street.  The hotel is not too far from the airport and there are parking lot close by. However, stay here and be careful there!
I went to Chicago in 2010 for an 18 month stay. So I am sure that it is not my style that I am writing about, but it did make for an enjoyable trip. The hotel was free but only offered a small fee. I couldn't decide between the Chicago Cubs or the Marquis de la Hoya on the right end, the best price they could offer for that. I will admit that I liked my hotel experience - I didn't really like the decor or service (it looked like garbage, both of which I agree), but I had some issues with the rooms, sound system, the WiFi, old 2 brick dresser, dirty breakfast and nothing to complain about, and I know that is only part of the story. On top of that, every one of the guests I talked to felt compelled to end a meal there at the Marriott so I considered our reservation going down to the 32nd floor for only
I attended a wedding here last month, and it was fantastic!  The room was beautiful and the sauteed garlic shrimp appetizer was to die for.  Seriously, that was probably the best thing I've ever eaten at a wedding.  I want to go back for more!  It was a pretty big wedding of over 300 people, but I dont think that is an excuse for nothing but exceptional service.  Our corner table was forgotten a few times, and I even had to get up to ask someone to deliver our pasta dish.  All in all, the food was good even if the service wasn't.  Plus, I loved the room the wedding was in.  I'd definitely recommend checking it out for your wedding.
I recently stayed at a Boston hotel that was serving alot of customers and all the top notch hospitality staff. The Staff was very well done, funny, friendly, and excellent.  With a bit of help from my neighbors, my Room didn't seem to be overcrowded.  I have no doubt that there are fewer people downtown who enjoy staying here than before. I get to stay at Marietta Hotel at least once a year, but I rarely stay at any other hotel. One of the problems with the Marietta Hotel was the fact that our Staff member just couldn't get through the front desk to call us until after 9 am. I was moved out of the hotel and couldn't find an hour that I needed to answer the phone. This wasn't a parking problem, but the staff must have had some hesitation trying to keep our table ready to walk in front of us. When we arrived at 2 am, the
I have stayed here now three times over the course of four years and I keep coming back. For the price, it is excellent value. The rooms are very comfortable and the staff are helpful and knowledgeable. The place is bright and cheery. There is something a bit unreal about the "island chic" decor in the middle of a Chicago winter, but I rather like the contrast. The location is very convenient to both Downtown and to the more residential northern and western neighborhoods. The 2-block proximity to the red line is definitely a plus. They also stock the bathroom with nice Aveda products. The only draw backs I can mention are that (1)  the hotel is in need of some sprucing up! It's definitely a bit battered and some new furniture, rugs, and paint would make a difference. When I first stayed here, several years ago, it sparkled. The shine has dulled. But it's still very comfortable, clean, etc. (2) The walls and doors are a bit thin. You can hear everything in the hallway (vacuuming, cleaning staff's walkie talkies, other guests roaming the halls), so if you are super noise sensitive, you might find this to be a problem. (3) The food available downstairs and by room service is not fantastic. But there are several really excellent dining options within walking distance. And since you are in Chicago, you should really be exploring the phenomenal restaurant landscape this city has to offer, not holing up in your room. The bar downstairs is a decent place to meet a friend for a drink, but again better options are nearby, including the cute and cozy Third Coast Cafe, about 3 doors down the street. All said, I highly recommend the Hotel Indig
I have stayed here now three times over the course of four years and I keep coming back. For the price, it is excellent value. The rooms are very comfortable and the staff are helpful and knowledgeable. The place is bright and cheery. There is something a bit unreal about the "island chic" decor in the middle of a Chicago winter, but I rather like the contrast. The location is very convenient to both Downtown and to the more residential northern and western neighborhoods. The 2-block proximity to the red line is definitely a plus. They also stock the bathroom with nice Aveda products. The only draw backs I can mention are that (1)  the hotel is in need of some sprucing up! It's definitely a bit battered and some new furniture, rugs, and paint would make a difference. When I first stayed here, several years ago, it sparkled. The shine has dulled. But it's still very comfortable, clean, etc. (2) The walls and doors are a bit thin. You can hear everything in the hallway (vacuuming, cleaning staff's walkie talkies, other guests roaming the halls), so if you are super noise sensitive, you might find this to be a problem. (3) The food available downstairs and by room service is not fantastic. But there are several really excellent dining options within walking distance. And since you are in Chicago, you should really be exploring the phenomenal restaurant landscape this city has to offer, not holing up in your room. The bar downstairs is a decent place to meet a friend for a drink, but again better options are nearby, including the cute and cozy Third Coast Cafe, about 3 doors down the street. All said, I highly recommend the Hotel Indig
This is the place to have a gorgeous walk through.  It has everything you need and can fit in almost anywhere you are.  The staff is so nice, very friendly, and gives you an absolute vibe.  I have slept in different rooms and ended up staying in two roomed cabins with amazing views of downtown Chicago from most vantage points.  It has gorgeous wifi, simple reception and it's super affordable.  Who doesn't like convenience?  There is a point I wanted to take a trip to the art fair, so I decided to make it a visit.  The rooms are gorgeous and the view from the roof is just breathtaking.  Rooms have room service, art
I have stayed here now three times over the course of four years and I keep coming back. For the price, it is excellent value. The rooms are very comfortable and the staff are helpful and knowledgeable. The place is bright and cheery. There is something a bit unreal about the "island chic" decor in the middle of a Chicago winter, but I rather like the contrast. The location is very convenient to both Downtown and to the more residential northern and western neighborhoods. The 2-block proximity to the red line is definitely a plus. They also stock the bathroom with nice Aveda products. The only draw backs I can mention are that (1)  the hotel is in need of some sprucing up! It's definitely a bit battered and some new furniture, rugs, and paint would make a difference. When I first stayed here, several years ago, it sparkled. The shine has dulled. But it's still very comfortable, clean, etc. (2) The walls and doors are a bit thin. You can hear everything in the hallway (vacuuming, cleaning staff's walkie talkies, other guests roaming the halls), so if you are super noise sensitive, you might find this to be a problem. (3) The food available downstairs and by room service is not fantastic. But there are several really excellent dining options within walking distance. And since you are in Chicago, you should really be exploring the phenomenal restaurant landscape this city has to offer, not holing up in your room. The bar downstairs is a decent place to meet a friend for a drink, but again better options are nearby, including the cute and cozy Third Coast Cafe, about 3 doors down the street. All said, I highly recommend the Hotel Indig
I have stayed here now three times over the course of four years and I keep coming back. For the price, it is excellent value. The rooms are very comfortable and the staff are helpful and knowledgeable. The place is bright and cheery. There is something a bit unreal about the "island chic" decor in the middle of a Chicago winter, but I rather like the contrast. The location is very convenient to both Downtown and to the more residential northern and western neighborhoods. The 2-block proximity to the red line is definitely a plus. They also stock the bathroom with nice Aveda products. The only draw backs I can mention are that (1)  the hotel is in need of some sprucing up! It's definitely a bit battered and some new furniture, rugs, and paint would make a difference. When I first stayed here, several years ago, it sparkled. The shine has dulled. But it's still very comfortable, clean, etc. (2) The walls and doors are a bit thin. You can hear everything in the hallway (vacuuming, cleaning staff's walkie talkies, other guests roaming the halls), so if you are super noise sensitive, you might find this to be a problem. (3) The food available downstairs and by room service is not fantastic. But there are several really excellent dining options within walking distance. And since you are in Chicago, you should really be exploring the phenomenal restaurant landscape this city has to offer, not holing up in your room. The bar downstairs is a decent place to meet a friend for a drink, but again better options are nearby, including the cute and cozy Third Coast Cafe, about 3 doors down the street. All said, I highly recommend the Hotel Indig
Nice hotel. Pretty good service, not great but good. BUT, if you need Wifi go elsewhere...their Wifi is horrible! The beds are comfy, but the rooms are teeny tiny. Overall, worth the $ for the scene and the "coolness" - but the amenities are average (gym, room service, etc.). Very modern. Very cool, but not sure it's worth the $? Reminds me of a Vegas hotel...which is weird when the elevator is blasting techno at 8a on a Monday.
I stayed in this one once, and I'm still super excited about it.  This is the first hotel I have ever booked to stay here.  The rooms are gorgeous, including the hotel's super chic lobby.  And they have a modern, modern feel to it all! I would definitely return to the W at least once in the future, or two if ever there was a Hyatt Regency.  My husband and I wanted to see Chicago, so we stayed at City Center. We each got 2 sheets of  pillow paper for two nights, but
Nice hotel. Pretty good service, not great but good. BUT, if you need Wifi go elsewhere...their Wifi is horrible! The beds are comfy, but the rooms are teeny tiny. Overall, worth the $ for the scene and the "coolness" - but the amenities are average (gym, room service, etc.). Very modern. Very cool, but not sure it's worth the $? Reminds me of a Vegas hotel...which is weird when the elevator is blasting techno at 8a on a Monday. Good deal: http://caininnachilton.com/?p=4677 Highly recommended!
Nice hotel. Pretty good service, not great but good. BUT, if you need Wifi go elsewhere...their Wifi is horrible! The beds are comfy, but the rooms are teeny tiny. Overall, worth the $ for the scene and the "coolness" - but the amenities are average (gym, room service, etc.). Very modern. Very cool, but not sure it's worth the $? Reminds me of a Vegas hotel...which is weird when the elevator is blasting techno at 8a on a Monday.If you're not out of town - get a cheap hotel. Get somewhere else, it sucks!
I stay at this property every weekend. Our wife and I stayed on the same floor and it was loud (about 2 blocks between people entering and leaving) - the building is very beautiful, great service, great decor and restaurants!!! Highly recommend the rooftop pool!! The roof (5 stories) was very well accented (not bad since we rented the apartment at a 4 star rate). The lobby was extremely cozy and comfortable! We were in a group of about 30 people and the room was simple, elegant, even...and was comfortable. Rooms are great but I won't get there again.
I spent my 2nd birthday here in September. I'm certainly not a fan of corporate & historic hotels as much as of a fan of any chain business. This hotel was a nightmare but I also liked the service that people provided, the fine walk in service, the great breakfast you had within walking distance and the gorgeous views, but from the rooftop or skyline it wasn't worth the extra $$$ because the view and views were stunning.
Nice hotel. Pretty good service, not great but good. BUT, if you need Wifi go elsewhere...their Wifi is horrible! The beds are comfy, but the rooms are teeny tiny. Overall, worth the $ for the scene and the "coolness" - but the amenities are average (gym, room service, etc.). Very modern. Very cool, but not sure it's worth the $? Reminds me of a Vegas hotel...which is weird when the elevator is blasting techno at 8a on a Monday.
I was just returning from my vacation to the Midwest and had a very beautiful & historic guesthouse overlooking 3rd and North Broad. It had amazing views of the city and the lake. I truly loved it - i went on a go, i slept about an hour, just in case! First of all, i wanted to make sure I got everything that i ordered & then I had to pay for it. Next off the straight down side, when I got home i found out my room had been put on lock down. I called the hotel to say i had been charged so I had to wait overnight, and they had my room checked in 2 hours later! I had to file for a new room because when I was looking out the window at my room, i heard the doorbell ring and i decided i needed to call the clerk to make sure it was resolved quickly. I even called our service book that had asked if I had a room size. In short, my room was ruined! Additionally, everyone in my room had their parents with them which is why they had to wait for everyone to be there, because my room had to be moved for anyone to get to. Also, there was a television that was only available to one person, which made me wonder how many hours they could have spent watching that program on a second device, which also missed the next hour of data at work due to this?! We also have a huge parking garage & have to use the horrible lock down located outside the front door!I'm tired of people giving me "wasted time" and "racist" comments and if you have a girlfriend...there are so many options out there!I'm definitely moving to Chicago to keep my family's wedding in Chicago!!!
I spent some time at the Milshire a year ago. Great deal and great location. The cheapest room is $28 a night and it's literally steps from the blue line (Logan Square stop). Friendly and cooperative staff. People may complain about the conditions (and they're partly right)...but thats why the hotel is so cheap. Also great for nostalgia lovers...real old feel to the place.
I have been staying at the Santa Barbara Marriott since it opened a year and a half ago. After looking at a few reviews, I've decided that this would be the place I recommend!  I am definately a Chicagoite and would probably give it a try again.  I thought they were just nice to provide a wonderful clean, modern, and welcoming feeling that seems like nothing is out of the ordinary for someone with a Chicago accent.  However, I liked the appearance of the Oak Cafe, restaurant, and the conversation with other people throughout the weekend.  There is the possibility that they are renovating the Downtown back-to-school, but overall this is a complete and complete improvement over the old, dated, and dingy old boutique I had before.  It is definitely worth my time, money, and effort to stay at this place!
I spent some time at the Milshire a year ago. Great deal and great location. The cheapest room is $28 a night and it's literally steps from the blue line (Logan Square stop). Friendly and cooperative staff. People may complain about the conditions (and they're partly right)...but thats why the hotel is so cheap. Also great for nostalgia lovers...real old feel to the place.
I spent some time at the Milshire a year ago. Great deal and great location. The cheapest room is $28 a night and it's literally steps from the blue line (Logan Square stop). Friendly and cooperative staff. People may complain about the conditions (and they're partly right)...but thats why the hotel is so cheap. Also great for nostalgia lovers...real old feel to the place.While doing this review I had a really enjoyable meeting with some friends. Every year, they create "My Fireplace" that doesn't look like any hotels, looks amazing and is absolutely FREE!!!I'm a big fan of Hotel MLK and hope to see more of it..please visit Hotels NYC and come back for the Bookings Book Now!<|endoftext|>
I spent some time at the Milshire a year ago. Great deal and great location. The cheapest room is $28 a night and it's literally steps from the blue line (Logan Square stop). Friendly and cooperative staff. People may complain about the conditions (and they're partly right)...but thats why the hotel is so cheap. Also great for nostalgia lovers...real old feel to the place. One positive factor that some complained about is that the air conditioning has never been updated. But hey, the place is great.
So lets just say you will not miss the big "W" protruding from the hotel while driving down Lakeshore Drive.... From the moment we pulled up to VALET the car (may I add, it is ridiculous charge and should be cheaper for hotel residents... $40...but hey its the chi) anyways, It reminded me of a Miami vibe....with the shell mosaic shingles on the hotel front wall that glisten (I love) to the outside quarter to the right when you walk-in filled with posh plush retro couches and pillows (def a Miami wanna be). CHECK-IN: was a breeze...although had problem con my room keys at first, but problem easily resolved with the friendly concierge. It is a small hotel and the BLISS SPA is nice too (of course pri$ey) but I have been to way better spas in other hotels. So save your dinero!!! The bar located on the main floor is also filled with an upscale trendy crowd Now the part you should really care about...dun dun dun.... ROOM: very modern, beautiful, small, amazing view (request Lakeshore) but very comfortable...you will def have a great nite's rest....plushy very soft beds and pillows and Gorgeous marble bathroom filled with the hotel spa products "Bliss" with open french windows....You can see in your bathroom from your room or vice versa (weird but a nice touch). Overall, I liked it and I got a great deal on the room (hotwire) so not complaining!!! =)
So lets just say you will not miss the big "W" protruding from the hotel while driving down Lakeshore Drive.... From the moment we pulled up to VALET the car (may I add, it is ridiculous charge and should be cheaper for hotel residents... $40...but hey its the chi) anyways, It reminded me of a Miami vibe....with the shell mosaic shingles on the hotel front wall that glisten (I love) to the outside quarter to the right when you walk-in filled with posh plush retro couches and pillows (def a Miami wanna be). CHECK-IN: was a breeze...although had problem con my room keys at first, but problem easily resolved with the friendly concierge. It is a small hotel and the BLISS SPA is nice too (of course pri$ey) but I have been to way better spas in other hotels. So save your dinero!!! The bar located on the main floor is also filled with an upscale trendy crowd Now the part you should really care about...dun dun dun.... ROOM: very modern, beautiful, small, amazing view (request Lakeshore) but very comfortable...you will def have a great nite's rest....plushy very soft beds and pillows and Gorgeous marble bathroom filled with the hotel spa products "Bliss" with open french windows....You can see in your bathroom from your room or vice versa (weird but a nice touch). Overall, I liked it and I got a great deal on the room (hotwire) so not complaining!!! =) The room is gorgeous (very clean but kinda cheap) and absolutely gorgeous (very contemporary) (very charming all day shanties) with a TON of ACES (very large in room with king size bed). The staff is always nice, but the elevators can be noisy and don't have the loudest or slowest elevators.
So lets just say you will not miss the big "W" protruding from the hotel while driving down Lakeshore Drive.... From the moment we pulled up to VALET the car (may I add, it is ridiculous charge and should be cheaper for hotel residents... $40...but hey its the chi) anyways, It reminded me of a Miami vibe....with the shell mosaic shingles on the hotel front wall that glisten (I love) to the outside quarter to the right when you walk-in filled with posh plush retro couches and pillows (def a Miami wanna be). CHECK-IN: was a breeze...although had problem con my room keys at first, but problem easily resolved with the friendly concierge. It is a small hotel and the BLISS SPA is nice too (of course pri$ey) but I have been to way better spas in other hotels. So save your dinero!!! The bar located on the main floor is also filled with an upscale trendy crowd Now the part you should really care about...dun dun dun.... ROOM: very modern, beautiful, small, amazing view (request Lakeshore) but very comfortable...you will def have a great nite's rest....plushy very soft beds and pillows and Gorgeous marble bathroom filled with the hotel spa products "Bliss" with open french windows....You can see in your bathroom from your room or vice versa (weird but a nice touch). Overall, I liked it and I got a great deal on the room (hotwire) so not complaining!!! =)
So lets just say you will not miss the big "W" protruding from the hotel while driving down Lakeshore Drive.... From the moment we pulled up to VALET the car (may I add, it is ridiculous charge and should be cheaper for hotel residents... $40...but hey its the chi) anyways, It reminded me of a Miami vibe....with the shell mosaic shingles on the hotel front wall that glisten (I love) to the outside quarter to the right when you walk-in filled with posh plush retro couches and pillows (def a Miami wanna be). CHECK-IN: was a breeze...although had problem con my room keys at first, but problem easily resolved with the friendly concierge. It is a small hotel and the BLISS SPA is nice too (of course pri$ey) but I have been to way better spas in other hotels. So save your dinero!!! The bar located on the main floor is also filled with an upscale trendy crowd Now the part you should really care about...dun dun dun.... ROOM: very modern, beautiful, small, amazing view (request Lakeshore) but very comfortable...you will def have a great nite's rest....plushy very soft beds and pillows and Gorgeous marble bathroom filled with the hotel spa products "Bliss" with open french windows....You can see in your bathroom from your room or vice versa (weird but a nice touch). Overall, I liked it and I got a great deal on the room (hotwire) so not complaining!!! =)
Well when I booked this hotel I knew that it was not a luxury hotel. I was on a budget and liked the location. First I booked two double beds for my friend and I, but when I confirmed I was told I had "one cozy bed". The rooms are clean enough but really, really small, like smaller than a dorm room. We didn't have room for our two suitcases, they just had to lay open on the floor and we walked over them. The room was either really hot or really cold and the train and construction is loud so bring ear plugs. Don't expect a view! The worst part was the cleaning. We stayed five nights and our room was only cleaned two times, after we complained. We had to request cups and towels everyday. We ran out of toilet paper and they brought us a half used role! So if you must stay here, bring your own tp, cups, hairdryers, and don't expect a clean room every day! On the bight side, the wifi is free! Parking is spot on! Pretty much a party city and beautiful town and it will make you feel welcomed! We really recommend the Cafe Star Loop Hotel as well. Atmosphere is up front, quiet with a great view of the South Bay. As is, you can hear the traffic on the airport. Overall stay here great hotels, great views of Miami. Check out all of the incredible sights!
A place to sleep in what should be a relaxing and relaxing location! Pros: Accommodation that fit people are near you, well out of reach of the average westerner. Room staff was friendly, modern, and top notch. The windows were clean, and the front desk was also very welcoming. Pros: Very affordable (it's about $2 a night). Room service was above average. However, you get a reasonable rate if you pay close to $40 a night. Priceline is $30 a night. The park is free and convenient. We felt much more comfortable staying here. Cons: Long line, which is usually an excuse for an elevator ride to the hotel. Location was small and even less convenient than all the other downtown hotels. We spent an extra $200 to get to a friend's house.
Well when I booked this hotel I knew that it was not a luxury hotel. I was on a budget and liked the location. First I booked two double beds for my friend and I, but when I confirmed I was told I had "one cozy bed". The rooms are clean enough but really, really small, like smaller than a dorm room. We didn't have room for our two suitcases, they just had to lay open on the floor and we walked over them. The room was either really hot or really cold and the train and construction is loud so bring ear plugs. Don't expect a view! The worst part was the cleaning. We stayed five nights and our room was only cleaned two times, after we complained. We had to request cups and towels everyday. We ran out of toilet paper and they brought us a half used role! So if you must stay here, bring your own tp, cups, hairdryers, and don't expect a clean room every day! On the bight side, the wifi is free! Another plus for this hotel is the pool. We were left feeling unsafe in the streets because of the $13 per day. For $28 you pay a half month's worth of privacy to the hotel. So just not going anywhere. I stayed there for only 1 night and as soon as we saw the dresser running I ran to the bathroom and unzipped her so I could tie it tight. In less than a minute I saw the front of the dresser all the way down to the bathroom counter, then turned around to see us. We saw a room clean and that felt so good to me. Would like to note that the floors are under water. The fence goes up in the alley but makes no difference. Poor place to hide this thing.
Well when I booked this hotel I knew that it was not a luxury hotel. I was on a budget and liked the location. First I booked two double beds for my friend and I, but when I confirmed I was told I had "one cozy bed". The rooms are clean enough but really, really small, like smaller than a dorm room. We didn't have room for our two suitcases, they just had to lay open on the floor and we walked over them. The room was either really hot or really cold and the train and construction is loud so bring ear plugs. Don't expect a view! The worst part was the cleaning. We stayed five nights and our room was only cleaned two times, after we complained. We had to request cups and towels everyday. We ran out of toilet paper and they brought us a half used role! So if you must stay here, bring your own tp, cups, hairdryers, and don't expect a clean room every day! On the bight side, the wifi is free!
Well when I booked this hotel I knew that it was not a luxury hotel. I was on a budget and liked the location. First I booked two double beds for my friend and I, but when I confirmed I was told I had "one cozy bed". The rooms are clean enough but really, really small, like smaller than a dorm room. We didn't have room for our two suitcases, they just had to lay open on the floor and we walked over them. The room was either really hot or really cold and the train and construction is loud so bring ear plugs. Don't expect a view! The worst part was the cleaning. We stayed five nights and our room was only cleaned two times, after we complained. We had to request cups and towels everyday. We ran out of toilet paper and they brought us a half used role! So if you must stay here, bring your own tp, cups, hairdryers, and don't expect a clean room every day! On the bight side, the wifi is free! The hotel does have wifi hot spots, but they charge you $6 extra per night for the room, for an unlimited number of Wi-Fi channels. My friend and I used to get free wi-fi in the room at $20 for 2 phones a day which is still not enough for a better deal. We upgraded to the 40% screen rate after a hard day of keeping up with the travel a lot. Best of all, this hotel has nice walls that reflect the reflector lamps in the lobby. Our room was great however, because of the very well maintained location. Well worth it for the great views and good restaurant, tiny pool, beautiful staff, the holiday spa and many other attractions.  Can't wait to be back in the city!
The room was less than $60 a night, so I wasn't expecting too much.Then I waited over an hour for the shuttle to pick me up from the airport.Its website presents itself as an upscale hotel: definitely, definitely not. The place is in decent condition but it certainly needs some fixing up.I was particularly annoyed by its lack of central WiFi: there's only WiFi in the lobby.My room was fine but nothing special. There wasn't an iron, alarm clock, or coffee maker, and the curtains couldn't close all of the way. The shower would occasionally get super hot and scald me.I didn't stay too long (less than 12 hours) but one thing to note is the shuttle service: if your destination is in the area, the shuttle driver will take you there. There seems to be rather flexible rules about this; in the morning, the driver said he'd take me whenever, but later in the day, he said he ran it on the half-hour. I obviously know there are other guests who need transport, but I wish he'd told me about the half-hour rule earlier.It really is very close to the airport, so only stay there if you need to be in that vicinity, not downtown. Don't expect anyone to be friendly. The walk-in convenience stores are heavily booked and there's almost no security around here. There's an art museum called Alos.I would recommend this property to anyone wanting to do business in the area. I'll give the 20th floor a pass here.
The room was less than $60 a night, so I wasn't expecting too much.Then I waited over an hour for the shuttle to pick me up from the airport.Its website presents itself as an upscale hotel: definitely, definitely not. The place is in decent condition but it certainly needs some fixing up.I was particularly annoyed by its lack of central WiFi: there's only WiFi in the lobby.My room was fine but nothing special. There wasn't an iron, alarm clock, or coffee maker, and the curtains couldn't close all of the way. The shower would occasionally get super hot and scald me.I didn't stay too long (less than 12 hours) but one thing to note is the shuttle service: if your destination is in the area, the shuttle driver will take you there. There seems to be rather flexible rules about this; in the morning, the driver said he'd take me whenever, but later in the day, he said he ran it on the half-hour. I obviously know there are other guests who need transport, but I wish he'd told me about the half-hour rule earlier.It really is very close to the airport, so only stay there if you need to be in that vicinity, not downtown.Overall: I'd consider staying here again, but I'm in the middle of a 5 day weekend travel.
Went here for breakfast in and I never heard of it, great location. Still here. Love the decor, hotel staff and parking. The better the hotel is, the better its staying. 5 stars for the location, amazing staff, excellent prices. I love the massage bar at the club and it only took 2 minute walk.
The room was less than $60 a night, so I wasn't expecting too much.Then I waited over an hour for the shuttle to pick me up from the airport.Its website presents itself as an upscale hotel: definitely, definitely not. The place is in decent condition but it certainly needs some fixing up.I was particularly annoyed by its lack of central WiFi: there's only WiFi in the lobby.My room was fine but nothing special. There wasn't an iron, alarm clock, or coffee maker, and the curtains couldn't close all of the way. The shower would occasionally get super hot and scald me.I didn't stay too long (less than 12 hours) but one thing to note is the shuttle service: if your destination is in the area, the shuttle driver will take you there. There seems to be rather flexible rules about this; in the morning, the driver said he'd take me whenever, but later in the day, he said he ran it on the half-hour. I obviously know there are other guests who need transport, but I wish he'd told me about the half-hour rule earlier.It really is very close to the airport, so only stay there if you need to be in that vicinity, not downtown. I arrived at 1:45AM and couldn't help but wonder why they're not having a shuttle service. Don't forget, though, that it's not a feature everyone needs: I've actually never been to Chicago's Hilton, so when this hotel opened in 2010, I assumed the name was for someone who was staying there. The managers at the hotel keep saying this, but my question was never answered. I wanted to avoid talking to the manager, which is what I did. By that time, I had spent $50 on a card to get a hotel in Chicago (up to Chicago's limit, of cou
The room was less than $60 a night, so I wasn't expecting too much.Then I waited over an hour for the shuttle to pick me up from the airport.Its website presents itself as an upscale hotel: definitely, definitely not. The place is in decent condition but it certainly needs some fixing up.I was particularly annoyed by its lack of central WiFi: there's only WiFi in the lobby.My room was fine but nothing special. There wasn't an iron, alarm clock, or coffee maker, and the curtains couldn't close all of the way. The shower would occasionally get super hot and scald me.I didn't stay too long (less than 12 hours) but one thing to note is the shuttle service: if your destination is in the area, the shuttle driver will take you there. There seems to be rather flexible rules about this; in the morning, the driver said he'd take me whenever, but later in the day, he said he ran it on the half-hour. I obviously know there are other guests who need transport, but I wish he'd told me about the half-hour rule earlier.It really is very close to the airport, so only stay there if you need to be in that vicinity, not downtown. What a horrible place to stay!
I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here. I loved the decor, and the staff was SUPER friendly.Great bar at the Hotel, which also serves food from the adjoining restaurant, Elate - delicious! Although the rooms may be on the smaller side, it was fine for me considering I was out all day and evening. They're very clean - which is what is most important, as far as I'm concerned.I would definitely stay here again - great location.
I went to this hotel for the Holiday season. We had a front desk person at the front desk who checked in every morning. This was the ONLY hotel I had checked in at before I even checked in. They wanted me to get my "fake" ID. The way I answered this first time was with the super polite and polite title "Please call me by my real name" with no potential real address or phone number attached. After getting a 24 hour waiting time, they hung up. When I arrived at the front desk, there was absolutely no space available in the hallway. Apparently we were very busy working, and that sucks. The front desk guy said he would pass on the list of rooms to the customer service person. So, he called me by my real name while they were already checking out the rooms and waiting for the day's rental, then hung up when I called the manager and asked if we would be using this hotel again. I lied to him, told them I already knew the real name of the front desk person and they wasted our 12 hour waiting time. So I called my wife, who is still waiting for my hotel room number...literally! I called back again, and was told the hotel
I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here. I loved the decor, and the staff was SUPER friendly.Great bar at the Hotel, which also serves food from the adjoining restaurant, Elate - delicious! Although the rooms may be on the smaller side, it was fine for me considering I was out all day and evening. They're very clean - which is what is most important, as far as I'm concerned.I would definitely stay here again - great location.
Nice location in downtown Chicago, yet never leave until after you've booked your room (except when you need to go somewhere else). I've stayed here twice (2:15pm and 5:00pm) on the Lakeshore weekend. When I left early the 4th of July, my room was in very bad condition, only slightly better than the two days prior. The room itself was very clean, although it is dated from the refurbished days. When I finally got back home the following morning I realized the room was very rough, horrible looking, and in need of some attention and help. The bed was very large, but no pillow! The front desk was very annoyed and called them off on me in advance for "repair" and I don't have room. All the other employees just asked how much I was charged, and they were quick to unpack the car and make me take them to the restaurant for me! Also, within the first hour or so after my last visit (i.e., after returning to Chicago), there was so much noise and stuff going on that we had to use the elevator! The elevators were constantly shutting down, either because of a firewall or some type of condition I don't know, but with plenty of time to spare (11 pm to 6 am). The room itself was in excellent condition - everything was very clean. My room was tight, but at least I could lock myself out of the rest of the parking area. I guess it would have been nice to see some pretty amazing views in the morning, but most definitely not today. I expect in the future to end up returning to Chicago again, but I'm going to not stay here if I don't.
We love the two bars in Room 60. There's something about the scene that makes you go wild - the bars line up
I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here. I loved the decor, and the staff was SUPER friendly.Great bar at the Hotel, which also serves food from the adjoining restaurant, Elate - delicious! Although the rooms may be on the smaller side, it was fine for me considering I was out all day and evening. They're very clean - which is what is most important, as far as I'm concerned.I would definitely stay here again - great location.
I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here. I loved the decor, and the staff was SUPER friendly.Great bar at the Hotel, which also serves food from the adjoining restaurant, Elate - delicious! Although the rooms may be on the smaller side, it was fine for me considering I was out all day and evening. They're very clean - which is what is most important, as far as I'm concerned.I would definitely stay here again - great location.
This is the oldest hotel in Chicago and I have never been so pleased with the way it has changed over the years. The bachelorette was my first time here, I got to stay here for one night last summer and only had one thing left to do. I didn't think much of the decor of the adjoining hotel until I got to go to bed. The lobby was small, the concierge service was a disappointment, the lobby was filthy, and the floor was bare.One thing I would like to point out is that all the staff at the hotel are wonderful.  The ladies were so accommodating that they actually won a couple of judges' e-mails, and that's exactly what really made the place special.  The room was nice and comfy, the staff was extremely helpful, and I enjoyed all the spa amenities.Overall, it was okay for a good price, and many people will make the long drive to see Chicago or ride the Western Loop, I think that's fine for hotel-going travelers.I think about everyone I know who just stayed here, they absolutely love what they do here and it would be the right decision to stay here again. It was just a decent vacation.  They have a very reasonable and affordable hotel, definitely worth its $500 or so for just $250.  Their rooftop pool and water free breakfast room made a nice break for a few nights in a row. Would recommend.
I made this review for a better Yelp reviewer on my anniversary. I will say this hotel is amazing - gorgeous rooms and fantastic service all around. The lobby is designed exactly to be used in one package, and the room selection is ridiculously extensive. (In this case, that was more a matter of selection than service.)
My first stay here. 2 choices: 1) LongRoom for Downtown view of Lake Michigan and 2) Mirror for Near Business. They both are a bit narrow - the bottle is a little thin and the crystal clear view down. It's all well and good, but the service was ok, not fantastic. I ended up returning for another review with an old fashioned weekend with a 1:30 a.m. breakfast.
Stayed here MANY years ago after a friend recommended it......loved the bar area!  Atmosphere was awesome......loved the whole feel of this hotel!  Lobbyists are always polite and helpful.  I also tried the ChiBar.Nice looking room. W ok bed. Had the breakfast buffet but didnt have a trouble. Good food. Room service is excellent. Parking lot in the Oak does have a little bit of a free parking system.Venture for WEEKS!!!!!!!The next hotel to try was their go-to and have some fun!!! Had a great time in the club.  We actually booked 2 nights for 5 bucks.  We stayed here in March for a bachelor party there but they treated us all pretty well.  Stayed here both nights and took my kids to the start of the dance.The pool and beach were nice but not the best treatment. There was alot of garbage going up in the alley.Not sure if the pool is an overnight location or if the food chain is doing the job better.  It definitely lacked the atmosphere which is a plus for a bar or club. Had a great time and is looking forward to staying here again.
Didn't really expect much better than this hotel. The rooms are wonderful and the service even exceeds its hype. Had the day off right here for a weekend stay which is probably why they left the room it was the middle of the night, the air conditioning is not working. If you think about the price, I don't think you'll be impressed.
I go here everyday for a few reasons. First of all because my family and I are in a fabulous and affordable neighborhood downtown.  This is the third hotel I've been to in Chicago.The first is the first part of the Grosse Pointe Hotel. The first one I stayed here was the end of my stay, and we found ourselves booked elsewhere.  But since then I've stayed here a few times, and I will stay here again.First, we booked it on the last day of the Citywide party, which was before we even went up to Chicago.We booked it on time, and when we booked it, we gave it 4 stars because of the ambiance. So we didn't expect anything special, but we felt comfortable hanging out there and if we had stayed here earlier, we probably would've gotten our tickets faster. I would've stayed somewhere else, but it was so convenient
The Intercontinental Chicago has topped our expectations. Not only were we greeted with the nicest staff, but one in particular, named Emily at the front desk, really enabled my boyfriend and I to have a wonderful stay. Another staff member who made the experience so delightful was Patrick, one of the guest service men. Not only did we use a groupon to get a basic room, but it being my birthday engaged them to upgrade us to the Historic Tower (which is recommended far more than the North Tower, which is the basic tower), but they also gave us the bigger corner room which allowed us more room and a comfortable space during our stay. When we arrived, they provided us with cheesecake wishing me a happy birthday, and were on call to our every need. They took care of specific requests in a timely manner and truly made our experience excepetional. One thing I feel could have been better explained is that the gym is an additional charge. This wasn't explained to us in the beginning which takes a star away because of the misinformation that we weren't provided. The gym could also use enhancements. For the kind of hotel it is, I would expect a nicer gym area. However, the food was fantastic in the dining room, and the ambience and hotel itself is clean and nicely set. We truly enjoyed our stay and would absolutely go back anytime for a stay. I would recommend it!
Wow, another dream come true for a hotel in Chicago that truly offers "type" hotels for the low budget and the street ers.  How much has "downtown" cost Chicago, but despite being almost all luxury hotels, they are also not friendly and have a very low regard for the general public.  The city is so far behind its demand in such a short time, it is time to move on to something that truly promises "authentic" feel.  When we decided to give the city an upgrade for our Las Vegas experience, we immediately began to work with our executive  agent, Dr. Matt Tilbury.  He wrote a lot of helpful advice, but I figured we'd have to touch on the few touches that I could think of.  On a positive note, as he made it abundantly clear in his presentation, I enjoyed my stay.  I'm not an Ivy League kid, but I'm in no way making my hotel ANY less fabulous.  Anyhow, given the history, the locations, and location of the rooftop theaters,
The Intercontinental Chicago has topped our expectations. Not only were we greeted with the nicest staff, but one in particular, named Emily at the front desk, really enabled my boyfriend and I to have a wonderful stay. Another staff member who made the experience so delightful was Patrick, one of the guest service men. Not only did we use a groupon to get a basic room, but it being my birthday engaged them to upgrade us to the Historic Tower (which is recommended far more than the North Tower, which is the basic tower), but they also gave us the bigger corner room which allowed us more room and a comfortable space during our stay. When we arrived, they provided us with cheesecake wishing me a happy birthday, and were on call to our every need. They took care of specific requests in a timely manner and truly made our experience excepetional. One thing I feel could have been better explained is that the gym is an additional charge. This wasn't explained to us in the beginning which takes a star away because of the misinformation that we weren't provided. The gym could also use enhancements. For the kind of hotel it is, I would expect a nicer gym area. However, the food was fantastic in the dining room, and the ambience and hotel itself is clean and nicely set. We truly enjoyed our stay and would absolutely go back anytime for a stay. I would recommend it!
The Intercontinental Chicago has topped our expectations. Not only were we greeted with the nicest staff, but one in particular, named Emily at the front desk, really enabled my boyfriend and I to have a wonderful stay. Another staff member who made the experience so delightful was Patrick, one of the guest service men. Not only did we use a groupon to get a basic room, but it being my birthday engaged them to upgrade us to the Historic Tower (which is recommended far more than the North Tower, which is the basic tower), but they also gave us the bigger corner room which allowed us more room and a comfortable space during our stay. When we arrived, they provided us with cheesecake wishing me a happy birthday, and were on call to our every need. They took care of specific requests in a timely manner and truly made our experience excepetional. One thing I feel could have been better explained is that the gym is an additional charge. This wasn't explained to us in the beginning which takes a star away because of the misinformation that we weren't provided. The gym could also use enhancements. For the kind of hotel it is, I would expect a nicer gym area. However, the food was fantastic in the dining room, and the ambience and hotel itself is clean and nicely set. We truly enjoyed our stay and would absolutely go back anytime for a stay. I would recommend it!
The Intercontinental Chicago has topped our expectations. Not only were we greeted with the nicest staff, but one in particular, named Emily at the front desk, really enabled my boyfriend and I to have a wonderful stay. Another staff member who made the experience so delightful was Patrick, one of the guest service men. Not only did we use a groupon to get a basic room, but it being my birthday engaged them to upgrade us to the Historic Tower (which is recommended far more than the North Tower, which is the basic tower), but they also gave us the bigger corner room which allowed us more room and a comfortable space during our stay. When we arrived, they provided us with cheesecake wishing me a happy birthday, and were on call to our every need. They took care of specific requests in a timely manner and truly made our experience excepetional. One thing I feel could have been better explained is that the gym is an additional charge. This wasn't explained to us in the beginning which takes a star away because of the misinformation that we weren't provided. The gym could also use enhancements. For the kind of hotel it is, I would expect a nicer gym area. However, the food was fantastic in the dining room, and the ambience and hotel itself is clean and nicely set. We truly enjoyed our stay and would absolutely go back anytime for a stay. I would recommend it!
Do yourself a favor and visit the K&L! One of the nicest and cheapest hotels I have ever been to in Chicago.  Our rooms were all that you could get in the middle of a busy city street.  The service was great and the managers were always on time.I arrived at a downtown Chicago hotel during my first five nights there and was a bit disappointed because of the lack of open air.  The room was small, spacious and cozy - something that I found hard to believe at first.  The lady on the front desk seemed enthusiastic about the review, even suggesting the hotel offer the 3D printers a deal (it's very unimpressive that you get that discount).  I was so impressed by the 4 screen fax printer that she confirmed it would work for everything I needed and, all in all, was a very pleasant visit.  I would highly recommend this place.
Dude, there is a restaurant and it has nothing to do with the better reviews I received in the Yelp review...here was supposed to be a food party (after all, we are guests and many of them worked in restaurants...we came across a broken window, get charged up by our manager.)  Did not have a good reception or could not drive up to the restaurant (they just kept giving me a pass with their credit card, so no free parking) and the counter staff did not seem to mind waiting in line.  Room service was not fantastic, but they provided towels and a napkin for us as a favor.  Booking was OK but not the best there is, some came with gifts, but none worked out!  Parking $2.99.  Only $1.99 in a car and $15 in bookings.
Maybe this was an upscale hotel  but every time I enter Chicago I get one less option. I'm on a half-way floor (which is 5th floor) and the elevators are weak (15 degrees topside), the hotel is completely unresponsive, there's no garage available to plug in (just a grille, opened and close only by a long, thin sheet of plywood) and on the 6th floor, no elevators, no internet, the beds are like rotting garbage in the other room, it feels like you were on the third floor, horrible! Sleeping on the 14th floor is unnerving...but it looks like an upgraded toilet.  The bathroom is chunky and creaky.  Poor first bed.  The only positive I can say about this was that there is no need to refill a water bottle (oh wait... I can't recall when I would go this far, because they only have 2 bottles) but this is not worth it. Don't go there!  The oldest, most expensive hotel in Chicago, at $1 million a night, by far the most expensive hotel in America, when we spoke with all previous review levels. Other hotel review sites (and they both updated and changed reviews every few weeks) made a positive point when they also updated its website with photos and video of their review below (and lots more
Never leave a place like this one, right here. The management sucks and the place needs fixing. I hate to let the people down, but I can't wait to stay here again.
The best price I've ever paid!!  My husband and I booked the Lincoln Room from the  Best Buy for a wedding anniversary!!  The first night, we were staying on the 15th floor.  In the room was a 34" guest bed!  The bed felt tight, and a black piece of metal -- that didn't make sense in the room.  We told the room manager we liked the dress, but felt we were looking for a less refined option.  The king size bed was a pain to sleep on because the pillows didn't feel so small.  The carpet was thick.  The lamp bulb on the fridge smelt like soap.  The rug was soft.  I wish we could have stayed at another hotel because there are WAY MORE great options out there, but I feel I was worth the extra $$$.  They charge $14 per day for hotel rooms so why not do it for free?!I only checked in on July 30th and unfortunately, it was closed and the reception room booked no rooms on July 1st!  It must be because it is closed all the time, and the hotel workers want to charge the hotels for new rooms.  Check out the Hilton website for updated info.
It is okay.  Definitely not the nicest Ritz Carlton.  Actually more on the lower end of the ones at which I have stayed.  The decor needs updating.  Went to a wedding here...it was okay....somewhat nice for a wedding but bad for a Ritz.  The food could have been better.  The ballroom was full of peach and was felt very old.  There are not a lot of great photo opportunities in this hotel (it is in a mall...which also cheapens it a little), so keep that in mind if you want to have an event here.  Other than that I am pleased with this hotel and if you are planning an awesome stay, don't miss it!
It is okay.  Definitely not the nicest Ritz Carlton.  Actually more on the lower end of the ones at which I have stayed.  The decor needs updating.  Went to a wedding here...it was okay....somewhat nice for a wedding but bad for a Ritz.  The food could have been better.  The ballroom was full of peach and was felt very old.  There are not a lot of great photo opportunities in this hotel (it is in a mall...which also cheapens it a little), so keep that in mind if you want to have an event here.
Great location, great food, and what better way to go off two days in business than at this hotel? How could this be different? Why not the Midwest? Well this is a national exclusive, which means if I have any more guests this will definitely be in Chicago. The hotels are large, have great views, great lodging, good customer service, and a suite of great rooms with lots of wonderful amenities, the entire hotel got that.  This review was updated on March 1, 2011.
We stayed at the hotel again! Our room was clean and comfortable - no garbage, no broken towels. We chose the Chanel swank for it's unique decor and French coffee - it wasn't difficult at all! I also love the hotel pool!!! We had a good meal and it was a great experience!! It has a great variety of restaurants, shopping, nannies, nightclubs, bars. The outdoor view is perfect and is completely free of noise! There are vending machines at every table, wifi is great for calling friends and family. Definitely recommend Chicago on your vacation
It is okay.  Definitely not the nicest Ritz Carlton.  Actually more on the lower end of the ones at which I have stayed.  The decor needs updating.  Went to a wedding here...it was okay....somewhat nice for a wedding but bad for a Ritz.  The food could have been better.  The ballroom was full of peach and was felt very old.  There are not a lot of great photo opportunities in this hotel (it is in a mall...which also cheapens it a little), so keep that in mind if you want to have an event here. For the money I recommend trying to accomodate the posh features on the walls.  Since it looks nothing like a car garage, I will probably upgrade to an RV somewhere else.
It is okay.  Definitely not the nicest Ritz Carlton.  Actually more on the lower end of the ones at which I have stayed.  The decor needs updating.  Went to a wedding here...it was okay....somewhat nice for a wedding but bad for a Ritz.  The food could have been better.  The ballroom was full of peach and was felt very old.  There are not a lot of great photo opportunities in this hotel (it is in a mall...which also cheapens it a little), so keep that in mind if you want to have an event here.
We were very disappointed to find out we had not been informed at all that this hotel was worth the time and expense! Also very disappointed when they didn't provide the internet for us, seeing as we were able to opt for using the service from our work online without the need to go online to go "in person" and get a "manila" and we are family and  daily our real name is Nesondra. The room is small and its open 24 hours a day, many evenings. One of the rooms had four beds spread out to about 30 people and the room smelled gross. The front desk was rude when the doors were locked and I felt like they took it upon themselves to try to make up for it (especially after 5 pm when there was almost no windows). This hotel needs more staff, especially that who take care of rooms and provide the accommodation we need for this special occasion! We are still looking for a home in Midwestern areas. This hotel charges us the full price for the suite, but we are unsure of how much more in the price range we could be getting before our eyes. Don't expect your room to last!
My dad used to visit Chicago's beautiful high points on Saturdays, Sundays and even early mornings during vacation to check out theaters, cafes, and restaurant chains. I used to be a member of the Lodge House Family, which was generally very nice and warm. I found the story to be rather sad as to why I was never satisfied with this place.I switched to a larger room which I upgraded in late 2011. Upon opening the room I discovered a huge t-shirt. This was definitely not my choice of room and I had difficulty opening the closet. I had just arrived from Seattle to New York. My room was very large and quite large, as was the full length desk desk.  This I expected to find out about on the next website, but I was not expecting it and its quite ridiculous to expect to get this size desk. I truly feel as if the hotel has really taken the word "starbucks" out of the word!! The beds on the floor are too large and beds are too small. My parents and I were given three showers a week and had to transfer things to the fridge, not to mention the old pillows. Our room rate was so low it was hard to pay attention to the other guests. Also the beds are thin and covers the underarm nice and thin.  I had to change our credit card every time I was to our room because of this and had to take paypal instead of credit card company to make up for it. But everything went down well with the rest of the family who attended the conference and took great care of the hotel staff.Overall I liked the hotel, not by a long shot and I won't be back.
Perfect location! The rooms are just a fraction of what you expect. I must say, when in NYC, I get to try out some of the hotels in the areas I usually visit. Most of the rooms are beautiful. The bed are in perfect shape and feel right. The bathroom is a neat breeze that never gets tired of the crunchy floor. The bathroom is warm and will take any shower before it gets warm. The gym is well placed and offers fresh produce, pickles, and juices. The location was perfect for a late night party! If you are looking to spend money, I suggest using this hotel.
Fair priced but very small rooms.  No closet or ironing board.  Clean and well decorated however.  Free breakfast! Valet parking $40.  Room service at Starbucks for free.We arrived on time and found ourselves in a nice little hotel not far from Macy's in the heart of downtown.  Definitely not a luxury hotel or inn, but one that you should definitely consider if you are in the Chicago area.   All day check in was extremely friendly and helpful, especially during rush hour.The staff at the end of the night were very helpful and helpful as well as helpful throughout the entire trip.  We stayed for an hour with our room decorating man Amadeus, we could hear him on call, doing our business while he got the room done (no sign of him, more like taking pictures), he even made arrangements with a doorman to view photos and post them on Facebook if needed (great free wifi)Our room's creative arts could not have been more perfect!  It is in a trendy building with a contemporary feel, has rooms like a boutique bar, and also has chairs for everything from photos to books.  I really liked the jewelry in this room as well (it was clever in thinking that it is expensive!) On the marketing side, the concierge sent us a 4th bedroom with a beautiful gold ballroom with beautiful beds, perfect for big groups of friends (including our few close friends).  We also got excellent service from our staff, they were friendly and helpful, and we really enjoyed our stay. I highly recommend Valet!
The luggage in this hotel was at the wedding. The front desk spoke a little different than in the other rooms and there was a crappy back story here about the bride having the right to the prime apartment.  Which was not meant as a compliment, but it was not nice.  And if you are looking for comfortable living/work anywhere in Detroit, this is your hotel. The rooms looked standard top to bottom except for a steep hill to the left for big dog access. On the bed and the desk was a haphazard and poor design.  The bed and breakfast on the floor were flat sheets instead of stiff steel sheets.I had to go to the washroom to give my underwear a wash because there were laundry heads and toilets next to the broken sinks. We had just arrived at a mini dance that was about $20/night and it took more than an hour for the DMR to locate us.  We got on the other side of a gas line and couldn't find our place to go.  I checked to see if there was a home market charge because my carts didn't stop running. There was no parking so I can't
Forget a bar in your Grand Rapids bar, every time a bar closes. The parking is $28 and there is nothing left for the main drawers except for the $40/hour parking. Come see the Midwestern Hotel and really enjoy your stay. The car ride from the airport to downtown is right down South on to Grand Ave. for $37 plus tax. My husband and I will stay at the Midwestern again.
Very decent old riverfront hotel.Cons:...if you're a fan of the Jameson Hotel chain stay here.    In my opinion, there was no room service (no roll out, luggage outside, hotels that advertised curtains, etc.).  The rooms are beautiful, but you might want to grab a "furnish fire hydrant" and your hotel won't provide a soap or liqueur at the door, nor will you be sure of keeping the doors open before 4am.  The staff members seem rather annoyed with me over there,
I stayed here sometime in January, and I have been told by a close friend that I was a fan of the Old Courthouse in Chicago.  I did not do much here, but that was out of concern to me.  Of course, it wasn't that helpful, because the other rooms were in plastic and had outdated carpets.  The lobby was definitely better than most hotel rooms, though not a stifling one.   The bartenders seem incredibly friendly and understand that most of us are awake by the 5 AM.  I got acclimated nicely.  I was also impressed with the free  late service we gave each room.I spoke to one of the hotel's bartenders and they said they would only service dinner in the hallway, not in the shower.  Did not like that.  I stayed here on the weekend for a while, and again, my expectations for my stay were good.  I recommend that you stay at the Near North or Hard Rock elevators in Downtown Chicago.  They were nice and well-restored.
I thought I could write a review on this hotel, and I'm not quite convinced. It's a space available to people in virtually any location in the Chicago area. It's a reasonable priced, modern and clean hotel.  I've been to a few upscale hotels and this is the first place I've seen that was just as nice. Right on time, friendly staff, and the complimentary breakfast you get here was actually quite delicious, most importantly. What I'd suggest to everyone looking for an intimate hotel stay is to expect the back room. This hotel should be used in the garage, bathroom, basement and like most places, the concierge must be a very expensive traveler and check in takes less than 15 mins. Most
Great hotel at prices right from the boutique to the Hilton. Parking is very affordable and convenient.
Nice location, and convenient entry. Nice views of the city and Lake Michigan. Nice view. Location is nice. Hyatt Regency Downtown. Good to meet people in person and have beer or coffee there. Parking is reasonably free and is a walk-through point when checking out.
Nice location and location!  These rooms are conveniently located so if you decide to go to the L that city is definitely within walking distance.  They're not far from I-70.The staff of both rooms were very courteous, courteous with their time and they kept up the excellent service and attitude.  The bathroom is clean, a little dusty, kind and the rooms were a bit dirty.  So if you're planning on coming to the Chicago River in the fall for a vacation, this would be a perfect location. The motel, the cheap hotel, and the great views from the city are just a few of the great things about it.
When I was a child, here was one of the most beautiful properties we ever visited. I remember driving up to Chicago to see it and not being allowed to bring my baby back to my room due to its circumstances. I was super excited when I saw this space for ourselves!  We needed to check out the New York Museum at the end of December, and the Little Shop Of Chicago was starting construction on a 5 story hotel. I'm sure there's still lots of people wishing they had stayed in a more modern building. But it's so close to the old 50+ Skylines and One Mile Train Station that if it weren't for the Post Office in the lobby and the IL Fairtrade Theater, the hotel would've been a great place to get caught up in hipster vibes. Don't go there. It doesn't cost a dime!
Shots fire. The windows are half-closed, one half-open, the other half not close. This hotel is the standard rate for Downtown Chicago and there are a lot of restaurants and hotels out there. It has about 20 rooms and maybe 20 rooms can fit in a multi-room house and I find myself staying here every weekend or every week (night-day or weekends with the exception of the early morning) whenever I need to get to work. The employees are absolutely perfect and the rooms are so tidy and clean. The staff is absolutely beautiful, with a nice smile and friendly approach. Just as I expect from a hipster garage town, their facility, from the boxes and the access systems to the street is a steal.
I enjoy Chicago!  The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful!   My area hotel is close to about 600 city blocks and most of the staff are in (which makes them a great location for international train travel).  And of course I travel a lot.  I also like that the rooms are 3-4 bathrooms away from the hotel and that you only have to wait for 5 minutes in the lobby to get a shower.
Vibrant City hotel in Chicago - Avenue Crowne Plaza!Wow the excitement of downtown Chicago - I love it!  As a first time visitor to this vibrant city I find myself looking out the hotel window of the Crowne Plaza Avenue Hotel just watching the excitement and the action of the city - the lights, the city noise, the people watching and all that.  Who needs to leave the hotel!  But alas this is a review of the hotel not of the city.  My husband and I wanted a quick weekend get away and as recent transplants to the Midwest, Chicago seemed to be an easy journey.  Scouring on line we stumbled upon the Avenue Crowne Plaza Hotel.  As most travelers do these days, we looked at the reviews and as many websites as we could find to research the hotel.  Time and time again we saw how comfortable the beds were, the positive comments on the guest rooms, location and all that - oh can't forget about the Zebra chairs.  I was intrigued to say the least.So we booked it and didn't regret the decision once during our stay.  The reviews were correct - Avenue Hotels rooms were spacious, the staff was courteous, the location was phenomenal, the beds were comfortable and the zebra chairs were awesome!We arrived mid day and while we waited for the check in time we took the opportunity to walk around.  So many shopping options nearby including the American Girl store.  I drug my husband in there to see what all of the talk was about.  The kids in there were going crazy about the American Girl Store.  Apparently not many American Girl Stores around, even talked to a family that came from Texas to get their American Girl hair done.  What?  Any who--we came bac
Vibrant City hotel in Chicago - Avenue Crowne Plaza!Wow the excitement of downtown Chicago - I love it!  As a first time visitor to this vibrant city I find myself looking out the hotel window of the Crowne Plaza Avenue Hotel just watching the excitement and the action of the city - the lights, the city noise, the people watching and all that.  Who needs to leave the hotel!  But alas this is a review of the hotel not of the city.  My husband and I wanted a quick weekend get away and as recent transplants to the Midwest, Chicago seemed to be an easy journey.  Scouring on line we stumbled upon the Avenue Crowne Plaza Hotel.  As most travelers do these days, we looked at the reviews and as many websites as we could find to research the hotel.  Time and time again we saw how comfortable the beds were, the positive comments on the guest rooms, location and all that - oh can't forget about the Zebra chairs.  I was intrigued to say the least.So we booked it and didn't regret the decision once during our stay.  The reviews were correct - Avenue Hotels rooms were spacious, the staff was courteous, the location was phenomenal, the beds were comfortable and the zebra chairs were awesome!We arrived mid day and while we waited for the check in time we took the opportunity to walk around.  So many shopping options nearby including the American Girl store.  I drug my husband in there to see what all of the talk was about.  The kids in there were going crazy about the American Girl Store.  Apparently not many American Girl Stores around, even talked to a family that came from Texas to get their American Girl hair done.  What?  Any who--we came bac
Vibrant City hotel in Chicago - Avenue Crowne Plaza!Wow the excitement of downtown Chicago - I love it!  As a first time visitor to this vibrant city I find myself looking out the hotel window of the Crowne Plaza Avenue Hotel just watching the excitement and the action of the city - the lights, the city noise, the people watching and all that.  Who needs to leave the hotel!  But alas this is a review of the hotel not of the city.  My husband and I wanted a quick weekend get away and as recent transplants to the Midwest, Chicago seemed to be an easy journey.  Scouring on line we stumbled upon the Avenue Crowne Plaza Hotel.  As most travelers do these days, we looked at the reviews and as many websites as we could find to research the hotel.  Time and time again we saw how comfortable the beds were, the positive comments on the guest rooms, location and all that - oh can't forget about the Zebra chairs.  I was intrigued to say the least.So we booked it and didn't regret the decision once during our stay.  The reviews were correct - Avenue Hotels rooms were spacious, the staff was courteous, the location was phenomenal, the beds were comfortable and the zebra chairs were awesome!We arrived mid day and while we waited for the check in time we took the opportunity to walk around.  So many shopping options nearby including the American Girl store.  I drug my husband in there to see what all of the talk was about.  The kids in there were going crazy about the American Girl Store.  Apparently not many American Girl Stores around, even talked to a family that came from Texas to get their American Girl hair done.  What?  Any who--we came bac
Vibrant City hotel in Chicago - Avenue Crowne Plaza!Wow the excitement of downtown Chicago - I love it!  As a first time visitor to this vibrant city I find myself looking out the hotel window of the Crowne Plaza Avenue Hotel just watching the excitement and the action of the city - the lights, the city noise, the people watching and all that.  Who needs to leave the hotel!  But alas this is a review of the hotel not of the city.  My husband and I wanted a quick weekend get away and as recent transplants to the Midwest, Chicago seemed to be an easy journey.  Scouring on line we stumbled upon the Avenue Crowne Plaza Hotel.  As most travelers do these days, we looked at the reviews and as many websites as we could find to research the hotel.  Time and time again we saw how comfortable the beds were, the positive comments on the guest rooms, location and all that - oh can't forget about the Zebra chairs.  I was intrigued to say the least.So we booked it and didn't regret the decision once during our stay.  The reviews were correct - Avenue Hotels rooms were spacious, the staff was courteous, the location was phenomenal, the beds were comfortable and the zebra chairs were awesome!We arrived mid day and while we waited for the check in time we took the opportunity to walk around.  So many shopping options nearby including the American Girl store.  I drug my husband in there to see what all of the talk was about.  The kids in there were going crazy about the American Girl Store.  Apparently not many American Girl Stores around, even talked to a family that came from Texas to get their American Girl hair done.  What?  Any who--we came bac
I stayed in the W Chicago last August and, overall speaking, it was a good experience.I'd recommend to anyone who have enough $ to spend or that can found a good deal.Here are the things I liked and disliked about this hotel. Most of the things in the hotel are great!Liked:- Great swimming pool and very complete and spacious gym- Rooms are very comfy and the bathrooms come with all the things you want to bring home (shampoos, mosturizers etc.)- Staff is very attentive and corteous- Great free DVD selection- Great location - close to Navy Pier and other attractionsDisliked:- Food. I ordered food to eat in the hotel and I was absolutely disenchanted. Food was not only tasteless but it was hard to swollow. Good thing is that hotel reimbursed me for that- Lobby bar. This lobby bar in the top floor is just not like the W hotel lobby bars that you would expect. This one is tasteless and reminds of bars that are almost out of business. I don't expect anyone to like to go there to celebrate anything or even for a drinkBut, all in all, is a worthwhile experience if you plan to come to Chicago for a good time!
I was a little disappointed in the W's Yelp rating of the hotel since it had two beds instead of one bed, however at first I was glad the reviews were a little less harsh for it. For the price point it exceeded expectations and all this impressed me. I have four young girls and a mom who own and work in the hotel and I'm shocked that the restaurant/bar staff wasn't better. I liked their location and the location is perfect for sharing a room with two of my friends. The bar area is smaller and more convenient. The rate I paid was a tad better for the older part which is nice, but for what we're paying, no other amenities.
I stayed in the W Chicago last August and, overall speaking, it was a good experience.I'd recommend to anyone who have enough $ to spend or that can found a good deal.Here are the things I liked and disliked about this hotel. Most of the things in the hotel are great!Liked:- Great swimming pool and very complete and spacious gym- Rooms are very comfy and the bathrooms come with all the things you want to bring home (shampoos, mosturizers etc.)- Staff is very attentive and corteous- Great free DVD selection- Great location - close to Navy Pier and other attractionsDisliked:- Food. I ordered food to eat in the hotel and I was absolutely disenchanted. Food was not only tasteless but it was hard to swollow. Good thing is that hotel reimbursed me for that- Lobby bar. This lobby bar in the top floor is just not like the W hotel lobby bars that you would expect. This one is tasteless and reminds of bars that are almost out of business. I don't expect anyone to like to go there to celebrate anything or even for a drinkBut, all in all, is a worthwhile experience if you plan to come to Chicago for a good time!What to avoid (on a $70/night hotel): The Sushi Room of the W and the Ample Air conditioner--such as Sushi iLoveCoffeeBar (with enough water for one weekend) or Doritos,
I recently stayed at the Las Vegas Hotel, and didn't really have much to complain about! The rooms were pretty small. There were no showerheads, windows were not covered in shine, etc. The room itself was a comfortable place to stay. Loved the bed...dear! The pillow case looked beautiful, and bedding for the professional types might not seem like a big deal, but upon checking out the back of the bed was a fabulous suggestion and money-to-life savant. The King's Chair desk was nice, and was arranged in a nice, organized way, while the bar keys would turn on and off in a quick succession after me. Room management was impeccable, all day in
I stayed in the W Chicago last August and, overall speaking, it was a good experience.I'd recommend to anyone who have enough $ to spend or that can found a good deal.Here are the things I liked and disliked about this hotel. Most of the things in the hotel are great!Liked:- Great swimming pool and very complete and spacious gym- Rooms are very comfy and the bathrooms come with all the things you want to bring home (shampoos, mosturizers etc.)- Staff is very attentive and corteous- Great free DVD selection- Great location - close to Navy Pier and other attractionsDisliked:- Food. I ordered food to eat in the hotel and I was absolutely disenchanted. Food was not only tasteless but it was hard to swollow. Good thing is that hotel reimbursed me for that- Lobby bar. This lobby bar in the top floor is just not like the W hotel lobby bars that you would expect. This one is tasteless and reminds of bars that are almost out of business. I don't expect anyone to like to go there to celebrate anything or even for a drinkBut, all in all, is a worthwhile experience if you plan to come to Chicago for a good time!
I stayed in the W Chicago last August and, overall speaking, it was a good experience.I'd recommend to anyone who have enough $ to spend or that can found a good deal.Here are the things I liked and disliked about this hotel. Most of the things in the hotel are great!Liked:- Great swimming pool and very complete and spacious gym- Rooms are very comfy and the bathrooms come with all the things you want to bring home (shampoos, mosturizers etc.)- Staff is very attentive and corteous- Great free DVD selection- Great location - close to Navy Pier and other attractionsDisliked:- Food. I ordered food to eat in the hotel and I was absolutely disenchanted. Food was not only tasteless but it was hard to swollow. Good thing is that hotel reimbursed me for that- Lobby bar. This lobby bar in the top floor is just not like the W hotel lobby bars that you would expect. This one is tasteless and reminds of bars that are almost out of business. I don't expect anyone to like to go there to celebrate anything or even for a drinkBut, all in all, is a worthwhile experience if you plan to come to Chicago for a good time!
This is Chicago's 3rd hotel. The 4th! I loved the Motel this Holiday season and love staying here at 3261 Bell Avenue. The housekeeping and decor is beyond expectation and the beds are gorgeous. I attended the Resort Awards 2010 and am looking forward to next year.
this place was ok. we got a room with 1 king size bed. the room was very tiny. but thats ok since we were only in the room for sleeping. this was the only hotel i could find downtown with free parking and a indoor pool. it was nice to park out car and walk the whole weekend. this hotel is in the perfect location close to alot of good shopping and food. but one bad thing.... when we checked in they gave us tickets for a breakfast "buffet" so im all excited to wake up and go eat eggs.bacon,ham,hashbrowns, you know all the good breakfast stuff... we get there and it IS NOT a "buffet" at all! it sucked soo bad!!! all it was is toast with a toaster that did not work good at all, and nasty oatmeal.  there are no flat screen tv, hot tubs, or a kitchen too!!!! they even had our room filled with gas. they had no paper, scissors, donut, or paper towels on the tables at all. no one was drinking water. yes, drinking water is alright. i do not drink from the tap!! not for anything that works like drinking water!! anyways i was shocked... we could NOT sleep here in such a good location, you can see the parking garage across from the gym. when we arrived we could not fit in our car due to the garage being short and un-packed, there was no car left. all we could hear was the great bar music played on the second floor, the river was dark as dark as dark foam on the wall and the elevators were not working!! i have never been so annoyed with any hotel. i would say the valet service was great. all they needed was a room on the 16th floor for special events, free coffee, or a selection of foods, then for $20 you had to pay for food at checkout! we chos
this place was ok. we got a room with 1 king size bed. the room was very tiny. but thats ok since we were only in the room for sleeping. this was the only hotel i could find downtown with free parking and a indoor pool. it was nice to park out car and walk the whole weekend. this hotel is in the perfect location close to alot of good shopping and food. but one bad thing.... when we checked in they gave us tickets for a breakfast "buffet" so im all excited to wake up and go eat eggs.bacon,ham,hashbrowns, you know all the good breakfast stuff... we get there and it IS NOT a "buffet" at all! it sucked soo bad!!! all it was is toast with a toaster that did not work good at all, and nasty oatmeal.after a night of staying in this hotel, i am very glad i was able to move out of there. i would not recommend this hotel again.
this place was ok. we got a room with 1 king size bed. the room was very tiny. but thats ok since we were only in the room for sleeping. this was the only hotel i could find downtown with free parking and a indoor pool. it was nice to park out car and walk the whole weekend. this hotel is in the perfect location close to alot of good shopping and food. but one bad thing.... when we checked in they gave us tickets for a breakfast "buffet" so im all excited to wake up and go eat eggs.bacon,ham,hashbrowns, you know all the good breakfast stuff... we get there and it IS NOT a "buffet" at all! it sucked soo bad!!! all it was is toast with a toaster that did not work good at all, and nasty oatmeal. wtf was that!!! i had to ask my friend if she could b3 this place because of the room size? look at how hard it is to drive up to work all day! i had to get to work so it took 2 hours to get there because they turned up the temperature! from what i remember, i was scared when i first got here but this place has it down. no one seems to care about what  it costs to live anywhere in the USA, so we will try to avoid it all together... if you get into Chicago: a) hike to the national rail for breakfast, b) walk to wrigley park, c) have fun! no word about options outside of walk through.
In this small hotel, it takes just one room and really narrows it down into 2 rooms (sold separately). This is why you should stay here if you're planning a wedding or corporate event. The service, atmosphere and meeting were absolutely amazing. The staff was very friendly and friendly, as was the view. While the location was nice, I didn't expect to walk most of the way down.  Given the price, I would never stay here again.
this place was ok. we got a room with 1 king size bed. the room was very tiny. but thats ok since we were only in the room for sleeping. this was the only hotel i could find downtown with free parking and a indoor pool. it was nice to park out car and walk the whole weekend. this hotel is in the perfect location close to alot of good shopping and food. but one bad thing.... when we checked in they gave us tickets for a breakfast "buffet" so im all excited to wake up and go eat eggs.bacon,ham,hashbrowns, you know all the good breakfast stuff... we get there and it IS NOT a "buffet" at all! it sucked soo bad!!! all it was is toast with a toaster that did not work good at all, and nasty oatmeal. I can't believe it.. we woke up all night hungry.. STAY HERE WHEN YOU'RE BEEN THERE!
I bought the 2 bed bed shared room and was absolutely impressed. I chose a nice room that is adequate for my size. The rooms are extremely cozy and clean. One of my clients went on a 5 day trip to Chicago for my wedding which will not be returning. I love the big screen televisions and the natural light from the chimney add a touch of classic charm.  It is an amazing hotel and it has great service and needs no comp. Stay with us for $300 a night and if you love the historic W Hotel in downtown Chicago, consider staying here.
we stayed here in January and heard that i have jet lag issues  just like in the other reviews. great location, cool design and a nice room. a bit pricey, but okay.
My boyfriend and I were here last night on a Sunday. We arrived at 3:45am after 5pm without getting a handle on how quiet the location was and were disappointed to find that the room felt quiet, i.e. up on the hill or stairs and stuff like that.  After roaming the hallways for 2+ hours we realized our room size was being exceeded.  No closet or closet corner in the room.  It must have been the basement with glass doors leading to a shower.  The front desk greeted us with many text messages - or over 8 questions all day.  Apparently it's time to send a thank you note to my boyfriend and I for how quiet this place is.  I've never known such a quiet place, and most definitely do not stay here if you are planning to stay here!
I've never liked the Nordstrom here. The building is first rate, and the kitchen and bar just plain sucks. The elevators are ridiculously slow, and the checkin room is very tiny. It's a bitch to wake up at 3pm, and your bill is $6.20 per night. Do you really think that it's possible to get a decent meal at a decent price? I'll try the coffee on tap from Starbucks here.
Stayed on 6th floor downstairs (not on the 2nd floor) because they changed rooms to turn off the 1st floor.   Easy access to the W and parking was nice. All in all, good on the 23rd floor but not worth the $30 per night it took to get there.   Parking was free.
I love Chicago!  I recently moved to the Uptown area and so far the staff has been very friendly and welcoming.  They keep giving out really nice advice, even if the staff usually leaves empty handed because I want something a little bit better than what I'm receiving.  My rooms are small and the air conditioner is never on.I recommend this hotel.  I'll be back here again in the future.
Customer service was terrible.  The front desk staff of young girls seemed better suited as cocktail waitresses.  They were very unprofessional and first declined my credit card twice (because they entered the wrong exp. date).  They never reviewed the charges with me and our credit card called that they were putting through an extra $200 per night for incidentals as a deposit.  Then, when we paid $400 per night to stay during the Chicago Air & Water show, we were told the 7th floor balcony was closed even to guests unless you pay $25 per person.  After complaining to the manager, there was no follow up on this at all.   In the room our TV remote was broken as were the blinds covering the window; the A/C was loud and the room seemed musty and dirty.  They charge $14.95 for daily internet per device connecting.  People roam the lobby and front lawn with dogs, which just doesn't seem appropriate given the swanky lobby feel.  Surprisingly disappointing for a hip, higher end hotel chain.  Won't stay there again.  What a waste of a great location.
It's not until I visit us again on the way back home from the East Coast that I truly notice our renovated, rustic suite.  I spent a week on the lobby looking around at the historic halls and beyond and have yet to notice a single improvement to the room whatsoever.  Very disappointing.  While I'm sure they'll do something to re-build the outdated rooms, the rooms themselves are bare bones and are not comparable to the modern suites we've been accustomed to.  It's important to note, however, that the East Coast Plaza is in hotel lobby, not across the street from the new tower itself.  The general view and nice roof line while a real inconvenience are offset by the busy stairwells and construction of the main restaurant.  It's a fairly nice location, but I'm guessing this isn't considered a Hilton or a hotel in the true sense of the word.What I would really like to see are suggestions for some furniture made from old, finished furniture and taken from outside sites.  Location of the building, location of the new location of the rooms, some advice in between.  I'm sure we'll see something great.For my $700 on a month credit card, they did offer a $28 up front discount that can be redeemed through our website.  So
Customer service was terrible.  The front desk staff of young girls seemed better suited as cocktail waitresses.  They were very unprofessional and first declined my credit card twice (because they entered the wrong exp. date).  They never reviewed the charges with me and our credit card called that they were putting through an extra $200 per night for incidentals as a deposit.  Then, when we paid $400 per night to stay during the Chicago Air & Water show, we were told the 7th floor balcony was closed even to guests unless you pay $25 per person.  After complaining to the manager, there was no follow up on this at all.   In the room our TV remote was broken as were the blinds covering the window; the A/C was loud and the room seemed musty and dirty.  They charge $14.95 for daily internet per device connecting.  People roam the lobby and front lawn with dogs, which just doesn't seem appropriate given the swanky lobby feel.  Surprisingly disappointing for a hip, higher end hotel chain.  Won't stay there again.
Absolutely fantastic property. The staff are super friendly, impeccable.  They walk you through the steps of your hotel, reholster you, and show you when you're not ready for a reservation.   Get a spot and see their arrival first-hand! The fridge and wok are tight-fitting.  We couldn't have done without the stylish, modern apartment we found here for $210,000.  Sure they're very clever in their marketing, but the suite really shines here.  Perfectly placed at the intersection of Broadway and E streets for easy access to the Red Line.  3.
Customer service was terrible.  The front desk staff of young girls seemed better suited as cocktail waitresses.  They were very unprofessional and first declined my credit card twice (because they entered the wrong exp. date).  They never reviewed the charges with me and our credit card called that they were putting through an extra $200 per night for incidentals as a deposit.  Then, when we paid $400 per night to stay during the Chicago Air & Water show, we were told the 7th floor balcony was closed even to guests unless you pay $25 per person.  After complaining to the manager, there was no follow up on this at all.   In the room our TV remote was broken as were the blinds covering the window; the A/C was loud and the room seemed musty and dirty.  They charge $14.95 for daily internet per device connecting.  People roam the lobby and front lawn with dogs, which just doesn't seem appropriate given the swanky lobby feel.  Surprisingly disappointing for a hip, higher end hotel chain.  Won't stay there again.
This place was pretty decent and clean. The dress code was bad and that's even after they explained that it was a closet. the lounge wasn't so good on the other side of the bar. The chicken nuggets and fries were more like sticks than meat, and the smoke in the room was overpowering as hell. Really, nice hotel  location, but considering the supposed history, which makes it seem that nothing wrong, you'd expect something much worse. Would go back here again.
Customer service was terrible.  The front desk staff of young girls seemed better suited as cocktail waitresses.  They were very unprofessional and first declined my credit card twice (because they entered the wrong exp. date).  They never reviewed the charges with me and our credit card called that they were putting through an extra $200 per night for incidentals as a deposit.  Then, when we paid $400 per night to stay during the Chicago Air & Water show, we were told the 7th floor balcony was closed even to guests unless you pay $25 per person.  After complaining to the manager, there was no follow up on this at all.   In the room our TV remote was broken as were the blinds covering the window; the A/C was loud and the room seemed musty and dirty.  They charge $14.95 for daily internet per device connecting.  People roam the lobby and front lawn with dogs, which just doesn't seem appropriate given the swanky lobby feel.  Surprisingly disappointing for a hip, higher end hotel chain.  Won't stay there again.
My husband and I were looking forward to seeing the renovated Regency building and hotel. For me this was a major upgrade.  The recent renovation was done to a historic building with great public events.  The River House itself was very close to the hotel and incredibly convenient to walk to.  It was nice and spacious with a number of guest rooms plus indoor suites. The hotel is quiet in areas, but does have a very friendly reception and cool art & design areas for exploring.  Staff were very friendly and helpful, we really loved the location, decor and functional walk-up.  But our main complaint was the laundry.  Laundry was a concern and we thought they should make our room a waiting room, but we asked to "took extra care".  The rooms were absolutely clean and our wife was incredibly pleased with our experience.
Beautiful location right next to a wine tasting hall (which is awesome). High alley with lots of walkways and restaurants, parking. Park around the corner from block to block (after night time). Quite cozy in the middle of the night.  Holiday products are awesome. During an actual business trip, I got lost in this place. i thought it was a good place to stay but found out that was about it. They had a coffee shop (out of town) and was kind of sold out! So I got to spend half the month in front of the TV (or bed). The rooms are small, with no bathrooms or really any privacy features. One of the nicest was the washroom. Its a small two door space but you can just easily get all sorts of things out. Could not be happier with the RiverLabs cleanliness. I will definitely stay at this place again next year.
First time I've stayed here (and the only time I did) was as a commuter or touring the Great Loop of Chicago. The hotel has been always welcoming, great value and is always open to conversation.  People always ask where I stay in town. But, I always like to listen to the city voice.  These days, you don't need to stay at the airport for traffic or talk on the phone for anything. Plus, the concierge and the staff, the train attendants, the fitness trainers, etc. All in all, if you want to find a specific city to visit, this hotel is there. They have plenty of room to go. The only downside I had was the alley closet, and since it was the size of a small piece of gum, I couldn't open it when I wanted to.
This place will be expensive..but wow what a place to stay this!This is where I get my cash to come check out my room and then enter my room a few minutes after my checkout, the bellhop and granny are first coming down for the bill, the workers come in a few minutes later to ensure everything is accounted for properly and then, the bellhop keeps the bills, runs out of time (lots of valets help, etc) and gets back the dollar. Their "Crazy" checkout was 7.50 each but your in need of a card or money. You can't even get a free $6 roll. It was expensive at one point, and you are now on the $12-12/night price of $9. And in the end, for each package of tickets you are paying, they should get your dollars back as fast as possible. No feel-good ads, no room service whatsoever.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE this hotel! Found it intriguing while booking a weekend trip for my boyfriend and me.  It's a nice location, and walking distance from michigan ave and shopping.  We had a corner room which has more windows (floor to ceiling)We loved the happy hour, open bar and appetizers were awesome!  Different kinds of cheese, meats, dips, etc.I can't wait to spend another weekend there!
I LOVE LOVE LOVE this hotel! Found it intriguing while booking a weekend trip for my boyfriend and me.  It's a nice location, and walking distance from michigan ave and shopping.  We had a corner room which has more windows (floor to ceiling)We loved the happy hour, open bar and appetizers were awesome!  Different kinds of cheese, meats, dips, etc.I can't wait to spend another weekend there!
good price for what it is, but when you walk in they ask if you like to go there. accomodation is slow, floor isn't to much bigger than an 8" bower and bars are VERY thin, doors are too narrow and we were all "too old" for someplace with open beer bottles, etc. ok, now walk out and get a book, I'll have to meet up once more.
Hi staff, just looked at the Yelp page to see if there was anything we could recommend to other people in the room. I have three compliments about this location: It's centrally located, modern, and within walking distance of several hotels (11AM - 2PM). When it comes to shopping in the hotel I was impressed with the free internet, great internet with all of the convenience that surrounds it. Also, the windows are nice and comfortable, and I stayed here because it was what I needed. A huge plus, too, because I don't usually stay in shopping carts but I figured it would be convenient to get to the train. Nice and clean!
I LOVE LOVE LOVE this hotel! Found it intriguing while booking a weekend trip for my boyfriend and me.  It's a nice location, and walking distance from michigan ave and shopping.  We had a corner room which has more windows (floor to ceiling)We loved the happy hour, open bar and appetizers were awesome!  Different kinds of cheese, meats, dips, etc.I can't wait to spend another weekend there!<|endoftext|>
I LOVE LOVE LOVE this hotel! Found it intriguing while booking a weekend trip for my boyfriend and me.  It's a nice location, and walking distance from michigan ave and shopping.  We had a corner room which has more windows (floor to ceiling)We loved the happy hour, open bar and appetizers were awesome!  Different kinds of cheese, meats, dips, etc.I can't wait to spend another weekend there!
Great location and lovely friendly Midwestern staff.  The rooms aren't huge, but the decorating is fresh and there were plenty of fluffy white towels.  The Starbucks in the lobby is handy for coffee.  The Viand restaurant offers a convenient (slightly expensive) breakfast.
This review was from sometime last week, so we definitely should try it out! On arrival, I received the package, and it was arrived in a room I can't open unless I'm very drunk. Also, I was reminded that "The rooms aren't so bad", which was nice because it was fine with the basic repairs.Overall, I didn't enjoy any of the hotel suites I have tried over the years. I will return if anything goes wrong or wanted a 4 star rating.
Great location and lovely friendly Midwestern staff.  The rooms aren't huge, but the decorating is fresh and there were plenty of fluffy white towels.  The Starbucks in the lobby is handy for coffee.  The Viand restaurant offers a convenient (slightly expensive) breakfast.  It was really simple and if you like chain coffee this is the place to go.
We had our wedding ceremony and reception at the Wolf Point ballroom on March 19, 2011. The wedding coordinator Barbara Martin is a true profeesional. I don't think she could have been any better. The view is AMAZING and the venue affordable for downtown Chicago. You will not regret your decision to book your wedding at the holiday inn mart plaza. They even through in free parking for the bride and groom parents, free hotel suites, and free bruch the next day...and the wedding cake is including and that was great too. All in all I can't say enough good things about the Holiday Inn Mart Plaza. Our guests couldn't beleive how nice it was, it was close to campus, the restaurants were so nice and FREE, and the room we rented included new beds, pillows, and towels. We did enjoy the view and cant wait to give this location a try!
We had our wedding ceremony and reception at the Wolf Point ballroom on March 19, 2011. The wedding coordinator Barbara Martin is a true profeesional. I don't think she could have been any better. The view is AMAZING and the venue affordable for downtown Chicago. You will not regret your decision to book your wedding at the holiday inn mart plaza. They even through in free parking for the bride and groom parents, free hotel suites, and free bruch the next day...and the wedding cake is including and that was great too. All in all I can't say enough good things about the Holiday Inn Mart Plaza. Our guests couldn't beleive how nice it was.
A wedding site in the South Loop. For those of you that might not know this place is said to be one of the few where you can rest easy at night...no point worrying if you have a bad night!  However, they do have a very nice little massage parlour. I left my luggage at home and drove to Chicago! I had a great time and they are looking forward to seeing my wedding at the next location we visit.  And if you are looking for another wedding venue in the area, no matter if you're in the South Loop or the South Loop...they offer a very popular location.
We had our wedding ceremony and reception at the Wolf Point ballroom on March 19, 2011. The wedding coordinator Barbara Martin is a true profeesional. I don't think she could have been any better. The view is AMAZING and the venue affordable for downtown Chicago. You will not regret your decision to book your wedding at the holiday inn mart plaza. They even through in free parking for the bride and groom parents, free hotel suites, and free bruch the next day...and the wedding cake is including and that was great too. All in all I can't say enough good things about the Holiday Inn Mart Plaza. Our guests couldn't beleive how nice it was, how much they appreciated the full privacy and use of a Hilton gown, their valet on duty was fast & convenient, and the additional use of the no-drinks policy made it an awesome experience.
I've always loved hotels. I've stayed in major cities and loved everything about the Soho. The fire service (from a Chicago lobby down) is great, clean & clean. The staff is charming, it takes a real sense of discipline to catch up with the "small things" (sparkling activity, kids fun in the bathrooms). The decor was a beautiful one, the room had a view of the Chicago skyline... the starbucks prices seemed like a bargain at first glance (I should mention how much I liked the bottle & decor at the bargain rate). With all this in mind, I should really check out The James when they open next year.
We had our wedding ceremony and reception at the Wolf Point ballroom on March 19, 2011. The wedding coordinator Barbara Martin is a true profeesional. I don't think she could have been any better. The view is AMAZING and the venue affordable for downtown Chicago. You will not regret your decision to book your wedding at the holiday inn mart plaza. They even through in free parking for the bride and groom parents, free hotel suites, and free bruch the next day...and the wedding cake is including and that was great too. All in all I can't say enough good things about the Holiday Inn Mart Plaza. Our guests couldn't beleive how nice it was to be able to walk down the hall and meet a million wonderful people from all over the world, enjoy the spectacular sight, and enjoy having business with so many of the best stores on the block.
Pros: Affordable Wedding, wedding planning, free parking & free coffee. Cons: John Hancock Plaza offers 7 event spaces and the free, tuxedoed suite is not as luxurious as the suite in our room. The free paraglider downtown, rooms with double beds and tv screens, and guest showers were great. $70 for an early morning shower was worth the trouble, but within walking distance of the Starbucks where we stayed we could have a free birthday party. Breakfast was excellent and our bartender, Aiden Edmondson, was very helpful to help us if needed. The free wine/truffle could be found at my house that day. The entire wedding was, at first glance, a first come, first served - no ballroom booked. We did not see a chicago hotel until about six hours after our wedding because the rooms were different from the locations the staff first encountered and there was no wifi in the room. We then watched as the entire bar delivered wine. Just like that our friends decided to go out and party and all but booked at least an evening with a couple of special guests who were nice and friendly (although it's not a great fit, the limited parking is a little hard to spot in our narrow apartment). We stayed together at The Mahoning Park Holiday Inn in downtown Chicago and liked it. The locations are really helpful if you don't have a favorite downtown location.
When I first stayed here 2 years ago, I would have given Hotel 71 a solid 4 stars, but now they get 2.5.  It has all the signs of a property they have stopped investing in.  I was under the impression 2 years ago that all the rooms would be renovated. I guess that is not the case. I switched out of the first room, because it was one of the old ones and during my last half-dozen visits, I stayed in the newer ones. The rooms are still nice and spacious, but they are not up keeping them.  There are dings in the furniture. outdated sound system. There was only one bar of soap in the bathroom, and the cool "rain forest" shower head was corroded and the awesome big shower reeked of mildew and bleach. Worst of all, when I came back to the room today the door was wide open. I guess housekeeping forgot to shut it. This has been my go to hotel for Chicago travel, but I am going to look elsewhere next time.
When I first stayed here 2 years ago, I would have given Hotel 71 a solid 4 stars, but now they get 2.5.  It has all the signs of a property they have stopped investing in.  I was under the impression 2 years ago that all the rooms would be renovated. I guess that is not the case. I switched out of the first room, because it was one of the old ones and during my last half-dozen visits, I stayed in the newer ones. The rooms are still nice and spacious, but they are not up keeping them.  There are dings in the furniture. outdated sound system. There was only one bar of soap in the bathroom, and the cool "rain forest" shower head was corroded and the awesome big shower reeked of mildew and bleach. Worst of all, when I came back to the room today the door was wide open. I guess housekeeping forgot to shut it. This has been my go to hotel for Chicago travel, but I am going to look elsewhere next time.
This place is BIG!  Our room was very tiny, but did not have the size of an old stroller! The bed was a nice touch, and the furniture was very comfortable. There was a bathroom that you could only get by walking in and out. The valet who lived in the lobby did a great job wiping and checking the room frequently. And the way that the elevator arrived was impressive. Other reviewers pointed out that the room was just small, and that we had to take our friends to every restaurant and get a free coffee during the day. It is a rather expensive room, but it has some great views for some great views. The lobby itself is really nice. (I asked, would you stay at the lobby if the staff here didn't
When I first stayed here 2 years ago, I would have given Hotel 71 a solid 4 stars, but now they get 2.5.  It has all the signs of a property they have stopped investing in.  I was under the impression 2 years ago that all the rooms would be renovated. I guess that is not the case. I switched out of the first room, because it was one of the old ones and during my last half-dozen visits, I stayed in the newer ones. The rooms are still nice and spacious, but they are not up keeping them.  There are dings in the furniture. outdated sound system. There was only one bar of soap in the bathroom, and the cool "rain forest" shower head was corroded and the awesome big shower reeked of mildew and bleach. Worst of all, when I came back to the room today the door was wide open. I guess housekeeping forgot to shut it. This has been my go to hotel for Chicago travel, but I am going to look elsewhere next time.  I plan on coming back to stay at Hotel 71 later this year, with the advice, room and equipment at a much lower price.
Loved staying here in Chicago!!!   I've stayed there twice, the first time in June & the second time in January.   It is great at the market views, the cool park, the nearby shopping district.   The staff is awesome, the server (who knows if she's only walking her dogs in the park...) is friendly, you always get what you pay for!  The restaurant, potluck atmosphere is next to perfection!  The business front for these places is truly impressive, and all I can say is that Chicago is totally worth your dollars and your time.
When I first stayed here 2 years ago, I would have given Hotel 71 a solid 4 stars, but now they get 2.5.  It has all the signs of a property they have stopped investing in.  I was under the impression 2 years ago that all the rooms would be renovated. I guess that is not the case. I switched out of the first room, because it was one of the old ones and during my last half-dozen visits, I stayed in the newer ones. The rooms are still nice and spacious, but they are not up keeping them.  There are dings in the furniture. outdated sound system. There was only one bar of soap in the bathroom, and the cool "rain forest" shower head was corroded and the awesome big shower reeked of mildew and bleach. Worst of all, when I came back to the room today the door was wide open. I guess housekeeping forgot to shut it. This has been my go to hotel for Chicago travel, but I am going to look elsewhere next time.
I booked 2 dates on a '40s classic hotel room. One night I was given a quick dinner (which included drinks) while the other night I was seated alone at my desk and my bell rang. Needless to say, I jumped at the opportunity. Luckily, there was a few rooms in the lobby that I did not like and this is where things got very dark. The first thing I noticed was that the curtains were a bit low, which I expected. My drinks were old fashioned and I found myself feeling extremely uncomfortable doing so. That is, until I finally saw that the lighting was modern and the room was going to be at a decent, bright rate for some time to come. However, there were many reviews that had this, including the one for Simple Deskstand. I assumed it was because the drinks had fallen through the cracks, which did not prove to be the case. I checked in the next morning. I was very impressed that everything was running smoothly. I was given an early breakfast. The menu was a good deal for the price. If you can find it online you can find the services you need. There was also a refreshing breakfast omelet called "Fast Breakfast". The breakfast was presented in a European style but was pleasant enough. The room offered the proximity to a beach. As usual, though, the hotel has a large gym with hot tubs that can be turned on and
Wouldn't recommend. Living somewhere with such horrible  environments. Oh my goodness, good life is around the corner!
This hotel is the place I stay when I'm visiting an evening and needs a clean room. When I first opened it up, the elevator in the hallway felt like it was the lobby of the Navy Yard. I was told they wouldn't keep people from checking in. When I opened the doors, they refused to stay if they felt that a hotel security guard would take me. Too bad the last page on the security guard's website did not exist! I'm wondering if the hotel staff is trying to cover this. In my previous 3 visits, this hotel was the only hotel I used, and the rooms were in almost perfect condition. It also has an easy-to-access lobby area, which is nice, and a good pool for pool lessons. Oh, and if I find a red line on the room, will someone call it? So if the previous reviewer thought the rooms were okay, who cares.
My mother is from Chicago and worked at a bar and dinner in an old car out west. She recently took over the restaurant and recently I decided to stay at a contemporary steakhouse next to the next city center, which is a great thing considering how small its location is. So I figured I'd try out this downtown location. By the way, most people walking down Fifth Avenue don't even know that the city center is much smaller than our 6-month old boutique hotel, so I thought I'd run my own account here. I was mistaken. About a block away is the Heitzel, which, as far as I can tell, is small and without very impressive red tile walls and elevators. I was hoping to see an upgraded bar with
Would never go back to the John Hancock, because of this hotel's luxurious decor. The first floor staff seemed uncomfortable, but at least we had a nice view of the rooms...In the right light.  I also noticed that the golden cushion was made of ball point!  I was impressed with the reasonable size of the conference rooms as well. Also, it was a bit embarrassing that we had to find an extra table to share the dishwasher, as the room was full and all of us were happy to snuggle down. We thought the elevators were over the top, but were pleasantly surprised when we got in.
The room I stayed in was extremely tidy, yet cozy. It had all the common items/appliances you would see in a hotel room -- hair dryer, TV, towels, small refrigerator. It was nice, nothing over the top. It was just a well kept room with a bed.The staff was very approachable. I would stay there again. 3 others and they're fine. I would definitely stay here again.
I booked this hotel while we were traveling through northern Chicago, and had absolutely no idea where we were going. My first visit to Tenderloin was like the biggest deal I have ever made. The hotel was absolutely phenomenal, the staff was friendly, the food was excellent and the rooms were clean! It was a huge yes (and yes) for breakfast and lunch (and I usually bring my friend just to stay with friends). The bar/stand was a nice touch - there is a available shelf for hanging up bar snacks in. Parking was beautiful, the rate was nice, the rooms in this hotel are spacious and walkable. I highly recommend this hotel for everyone: stay at a Tenderloin.
Room service was excellent, but the bar had a bartender named Pete or something, but our friend Donnie did not drink, and it was late. The manager really needed to do something about it, so when the boss said it would be 5 pm, we really liked the recommendation. She stated that the rooms were clean, easy to walk through, and service friendly. We were of course disappointed in the restaurant.  For the cost of the entire weekend, it didn't do us any favours and we would have liked a couple more shows. Best of all, check out the for free Super Mario park.
Pleasant place to relax in downtown Chicago. I stayed here and have been so happy with it. The location is wonderful and if I could describe its purpose better, I would, but it seems a bit small. We made reservations via email, and when we finally found a room that fit our needs, we found a room at 4PM. The elevator would take us to the 1st floor and we then had to wait until 5:30PM to get into the elevator. To our horror, we found that the top floor parking lots were limited. The hotel itself was thoroughly over-priced, as was the service. Our next visit was just as frustrating because they kept offering only crappy service as was the style of service we experienced in the lobby.
Allegro has a great wine reception every evening and the lobby is very cool.  I think the rooms are a bit small, and not as nice as I would have expected for the price $$$.  Room service food was really tasty but a bit overpriced, and they tack on an addtional $2.00 delivery fee, plus 18% tip.  And BEWARE - the hotel is haunted!
This was great!  The romantic feel of the building made the experience feel like it was taking place in a vacation time romantic, inspired by New Orleans.  I'm thinking of trying another hotel in Boca Raton.  I'm impressed with the Miami that I'm in but the reality is that I'd really prefer a hotel with a new, vibrant, and trendy spirit.
Allegro has a great wine reception every evening and the lobby is very cool.  I think the rooms are a bit small, and not as nice as I would have expected for the price $$$.  Room service food was really tasty but a bit overpriced, and they tack on an addtional $2.00 delivery fee, plus 18% tip.  And BEWARE - the hotel is haunted!  I've stayed at this hotel all my life. So I'm going back!
Stayed here for a review and I couldn't be more pleased. Rooms are excellent, excellent layout, decent rooms, great service. But the main reason I stayed here is because I've never stayed at hotels in the U.S. other than to review like this.  This is NOT an Hotel Chicago!  Our experience was rather positive and we were pleased with the staff - excellent courteous and helpful - etc.  But a few things to keep in mind.  First is that it is on a very short list of rooms, so the type of room for our review was 'bedroom'.  Each one is equipped with a bed, shower, closet, (1) computer, plus a screen that seems to play the opening in a main room, (2) microwave, power heater, fridge and fridge key (3) safe place to sit in the van - and only when asked by security for their reservation (4) no unnecessary surprises or large, "great hotel" bags - no long queues for barrobes, then waited in the back, etc. If you have questions or complaints regarding the hotel or any of the others mentioned above, please contact the hotel staff directly.  If you are looking for an upgraded suite, a room upgrade or even the home improvement of your dreams (however you wish), this is a business hotel and the whole Downtown Chicago experience is worth every penny, no matter what price you are charged.   I got a "day off" for a fine morning!
Allegro has a great wine reception every evening and the lobby is very cool.  I think the rooms are a bit small, and not as nice as I would have expected for the price $$$.  Room service food was really tasty but a bit overpriced, and they tack on an addtional $2.00 delivery fee, plus 18% tip.  And BEWARE - the hotel is haunted! Some people say that this is because the place closes and people go out.  They definitely would have never known it was haunted.  My own good friend's great spot in the corner!
Had a great stay at the Youngstown Marriott Hotel, which is closed for renovations due to power outages in the city. At Hotel House I was treated to two amazing options on the first floor, the pool and lounge, complimentary draperies, special diners and everything else that happens in the hotel. All of which complimented my travels:  Walking distance from every corner of the city (at least, without SkyPulse ) was worth the walk or take-off from W and the Lake Michigan.  Highly recommended!
This hotel deserves very much.  My family and I stayed at the Frank Lloyd Wright Motel throughout our stay. It was the standard room size from the front desk, but it was easy enough for us to walk into with our bags and belongings.  Staffers was clean and friendly. The bath rate was very reasonable and we felt comfortable in our rooms and even liked our rooms, which I felt I had improved upon through the massage service (if only for a few days!). Also the "How To" video got some reactions from travelers on the internet (I'll give you a couple of examples from it).  I've been getting lots of feedback from travelers about my stay, especially after going back to my family and visiting the airport earlier in the month, and, despite all my best efforts, a return flight couldn't be arranged.  When we were ready to leave for the departure, our flight engineer, Emily Miller, made an offer that provided us with a refund.
Booked the room blind through hotwire for $75 a night.  The room was totally worth $75 a night...there is no way it is worth the standard rate of over $200 a night.  The beds were comfortable and we had a great view of the city.  Nice large flat screen TV.  I didn't mind that the room may have been on the small side as some other guests mentioned on here.  If I had paid the full rate I may have been more irked...but we were only there to sleep so not a big deal at all.  We stayed in the Executive levels of the hotel..not sure if that makes any difference whatsoever in the rooms.  Sore points:  They charge for EVERYTHING.  Parking, gym use, internet...don't open that bottle of water they leave out...it's not free.  They even charged me $1.50 to make a local call.  I don't mind nominal fees, but $43 a night for parking, $15 per day of internet use....adds up quick.    We were afraid to touch the complimentary coffee or turn on the lights for fear of hidden charges!  They also sell jewelry in the lobby which I thought was kind of tacky.  I'll leave on a positive note because despite my griping, it's not a bad hotel:  The rooms were comfortable and guest services were helpful and efficient.  The soaps/shampoos were Crabtree and Evelyn which I love.  This is a business class hotel, not a luxury hotel...so if you're expecting the royal treatment it's probably not going to happen.  If you can get a great deal through priceline, hotwire etc to offset the cost of parking, go for it!
Booked the room blind through hotwire for $75 a night.  The room was totally worth $75 a night...there is no way it is worth the standard rate of over $200 a night.  The beds were comfortable and we had a great view of the city.  Nice large flat screen TV.  I didn't mind that the room may have been on the small side as some other guests mentioned on here.  If I had paid the full rate I may have been more irked...but we were only there to sleep so not a big deal at all.  We stayed in the Executive levels of the hotel..not sure if that makes any difference whatsoever in the rooms.  Sore points:  They charge for EVERYTHING.  Parking, gym use, internet...don't open that bottle of water they leave out...it's not free.  They even charged me $1.50 to make a local call.  I don't mind nominal fees, but $43 a night for parking, $15 per day of internet use....adds up quick.    We were afraid to touch the complimentary coffee or turn on the lights for fear of hidden charges!  They also sell jewelry in the lobby which I thought was kind of tacky.  I'll leave on a positive note because despite my griping, it's not a bad hotel:  The rooms were comfortable and guest services were helpful and efficient.  The soaps/shampoos were Crabtree and Evelyn which I love.  This is a business class hotel, not a luxury hotel...so if you're expecting the royal treatment it's probably not going to happen.  If you can get a great deal through priceline, hotwire etc to offset the cost of parking, go for it!<|endoftext|>
Booked the room blind through hotwire for $75 a night.  The room was totally worth $75 a night...there is no way it is worth the standard rate of over $200 a night.  The beds were comfortable and we had a great view of the city.  Nice large flat screen TV.  I didn't mind that the room may have been on the small side as some other guests mentioned on here.  If I had paid the full rate I may have been more irked...but we were only there to sleep so not a big deal at all.  We stayed in the Executive levels of the hotel..not sure if that makes any difference whatsoever in the rooms.  Sore points:  They charge for EVERYTHING.  Parking, gym use, internet...don't open that bottle of water they leave out...it's not free.  They even charged me $1.50 to make a local call.  I don't mind nominal fees, but $43 a night for parking, $15 per day of internet use....adds up quick.    We were afraid to touch the complimentary coffee or turn on the lights for fear of hidden charges!  They also sell jewelry in the lobby which I thought was kind of tacky.  I'll leave on a positive note because despite my griping, it's not a bad hotel:  The rooms were comfortable and guest services were helpful and efficient.  The soaps/shampoos were Crabtree and Evelyn which I love.  This is a business class hotel, not a luxury hotel...so if you're expecting the royal treatment it's probably not going to happen.  If you can get a great deal through priceline, hotwire etc to offset the cost of parking, go for it!
Booked the room blind through hotwire for $75 a night.  The room was totally worth $75 a night...there is no way it is worth the standard rate of over $200 a night.  The beds were comfortable and we had a great view of the city.  Nice large flat screen TV.  I didn't mind that the room may have been on the small side as some other guests mentioned on here.  If I had paid the full rate I may have been more irked...but we were only there to sleep so not a big deal at all.  We stayed in the Executive levels of the hotel..not sure if that makes any difference whatsoever in the rooms.  Sore points:  They charge for EVERYTHING.  Parking, gym use, internet...don't open that bottle of water they leave out...it's not free.  They even charged me $1.50 to make a local call.  I don't mind nominal fees, but $43 a night for parking, $15 per day of internet use....adds up quick.    We were afraid to touch the complimentary coffee or turn on the lights for fear of hidden charges!  They also sell jewelry in the lobby which I thought was kind of tacky.  I'll leave on a positive note because despite my griping, it's not a bad hotel:  The rooms were comfortable and guest services were helpful and efficient.  The soaps/shampoos were Crabtree and Evelyn which I love.  This is a business class hotel, not a luxury hotel...so if you're expecting the royal treatment it's probably not going to happen.  If you can get a great deal through priceline, hotwire etc to offset the cost of parking, go for it!
This is the last place I will sleep during my busy commute to work. This is the last place I will sleep during my busy commute to work. This hotel is bad, service sucks, prices are terrible and the pool can't even be used for driving. The location is confusing, construction isn't high quality, stairways are expensive, and the laundry is messy and hot. As a result, even though there is a walkway leading up to the roof, there is no way to retrieve your equipment for a public bath. Even if you want a public bath, parking is on the side and the pool is badly made. I understand that in most areas this hotel is not a Top 8 hotel.  Not being a Top 8 hotel is a walk in San Diego for all those rock hard connoisseurs and rock hard connoisseurs out there.
For a fabulous bargain go here for the canopies! They have great fitness center at a great price. Room is amazing. It has a nice double bed with incredible views.  Warm and comfortable beds and nice padded pillows. No problem!  Quick internet connection available for their co-workers (or anyone else who uses their cell phones for business).My only regret is my first time at this hotel...it was extremely comfortable and a great experience. Also, even if I try to travel to various outdoor venues such as the Grand Opera House (and yes, it is in Chicago), it seems that there are no free wifi spots.Overall, if you are staying in Chicago, then this place is worth the money.  If you are staying somewhere else and not in the northern part of the city, then make reservations online.
Great location. When you go to Las Vegas (where you don't sleep) and shop for your place, it is easy to forget that the room size and cost is $190. It wasn't worth the time spent to go to the Cosmopolitan and is currently downsized by my review here. I guess I used to walk and smell so much plastic when I walked in, but then the mini bathroom and the mini water heater went away. That was until I saw this tiny lady across the street, giving you 10% off the stuff. *shrug* Way too many hotel rooms (my husband brought his two daughters and all). A few days later, he called the service desk and asked
Needed a visit from one of Chicago's most popular establishments, Chicago's Best. It is the two main points to stay: Las Vegas and Barangay. You won't regret it - and to quote me from my recent trip to the Empire State Building, they both have great sites, especially the Garden of Glamorgan's. The corner coffee shops are just beautiful!Barangay, if you will excuse a few French fries...oh my! If you can't beat the charm, book ahead.
Love this location. We have traveled all over the country with cheap cars, including here at the El Syro in New Orleans.  I will NEVER go to Chicago again. The hotel itself is fine for the price it is, but the  rooms are tiny compared to what we were used to.  Our family and I had breakfast at the restaurant from breakfast to dinner, and it was in the 9th floor (the restaurant is 8th street at this point) so we had a hard time choosing which one to use.  The rooms have little windows in them, and they are very dirty. The shower in the kitchen is large and unattractive, the bed is comfy and it looks like a pillow/box if you look too much.  Worst of all is the TV set that is 24:9 or something similar, giving you no choice but to have it fixed for 12:20.  So, the only option for you is to sleep in the "Perfect Room" and have it change channels for you or your bf/
I really hated staying at the Hotel Felix.  My hatred was in part due to the fact that Priceline led me to believe I would be staying in a 4 star hotel - I wouldn't rate this place above a 2 - and it only gets that much because the hotel staff is very friendly and helpful.  I've never been more uncomfortable in a hotel room (or motel room, or in any random side of the road travel hotel I've ever stayed at).  The room is tiny, and I was awake all night listening to the air conditioner turn on and off (it made a loud booming sound - the maintenance guy said that's just the way it was made).  Also, while the eco-friendly thing is nice in concept, it also means that they do not allow you to turn your air below a certain level (central air) - sure the thermostat says 65, but it feels like 75 (or worse, sometimes it randomly blew out hot air).  The bed was short (though not uncomfortable) and there was no natural light.  The location is good but there are tons of hotels in this general area.  Unless you're on a seriously tight budget and need to book through Priceline, I wouldn't recommend staying here under any circumstances.  I don't plan on using Priceline again because of this experience - their rating system obviously can't be trusted.
Simply excellent! Valet parking is free! They do not get stuck with any excuse. It is the best!  The rooms are a little smaller than a standard room, but overall we were impressed by the location and easy access to all places.
I really hated staying at the Hotel Felix.  My hatred was in part due to the fact that Priceline led me to believe I would be staying in a 4 star hotel - I wouldn't rate this place above a 2 - and it only gets that much because the hotel staff is very friendly and helpful.  I've never been more uncomfortable in a hotel room (or motel room, or in any random side of the road travel hotel I've ever stayed at).  The room is tiny, and I was awake all night listening to the air conditioner turn on and off (it made a loud booming sound - the maintenance guy said that's just the way it was made).  Also, while the eco-friendly thing is nice in concept, it also means that they do not allow you to turn your air below a certain level (central air) - sure the thermostat says 65, but it feels like 75 (or worse, sometimes it randomly blew out hot air).  The bed was short (though not uncomfortable) and there was no natural light.  The location is good but there are tons of hotels in this general area.  Unless you're on a seriously tight budget and need to book through Priceline, I wouldn't recommend staying here under any circumstances.  I don't plan on using Priceline again because of this experience - their rating system obviously can't be trusted.  Stay here now!
I really hated staying at the Hotel Felix.  My hatred was in part due to the fact that Priceline led me to believe I would be staying in a 4 star hotel - I wouldn't rate this place above a 2 - and it only gets that much because the hotel staff is very friendly and helpful.  I've never been more uncomfortable in a hotel room (or motel room, or in any random side of the road travel hotel I've ever stayed at).  The room is tiny, and I was awake all night listening to the air conditioner turn on and off (it made a loud booming sound - the maintenance guy said that's just the way it was made).  Also, while the eco-friendly thing is nice in concept, it also means that they do not allow you to turn your air below a certain level (central air) - sure the thermostat says 65, but it feels like 75 (or worse, sometimes it randomly blew out hot air).  The bed was short (though not uncomfortable) and there was no natural light.  The location is good but there are tons of hotels in this general area.  Unless you're on a seriously tight budget and need to book through Priceline, I wouldn't recommend staying here under any circumstances.  I don't plan on using Priceline again because of this experience - their rating system obviously can't be trusted.
I really hated staying at the Hotel Felix.  My hatred was in part due to the fact that Priceline led me to believe I would be staying in a 4 star hotel - I wouldn't rate this place above a 2 - and it only gets that much because the hotel staff is very friendly and helpful.  I've never been more uncomfortable in a hotel room (or motel room, or in any random side of the road travel hotel I've ever stayed at).  The room is tiny, and I was awake all night listening to the air conditioner turn on and off (it made a loud booming sound - the maintenance guy said that's just the way it was made).  Also, while the eco-friendly thing is nice in concept, it also means that they do not allow you to turn your air below a certain level (central air) - sure the thermostat says 65, but it feels like 75 (or worse, sometimes it randomly blew out hot air).  The bed was short (though not uncomfortable) and there was no natural light.  The location is good but there are tons of hotels in this general area.  Unless you're on a seriously tight budget and need to book through Priceline, I wouldn't recommend staying here under any circumstances.  I don't plan on using Priceline again because of this experience - their rating system obviously can't be trusted.
What can a say?  What a let down.  I have stayed at the W Lakeshore and enjoyed the contemporary design but this place is laughable in comparison.  Thank god they didn't destroy the beautiful ceilings and marble with tacky furniture and design.  The room was quiet and we had a narrow outward view.  Bedding was cheap and the bathroom felt dated with a paint job.  Another thing I noticed immediately upon entry is that the front desk is hidden away in a corner.  I probably won't stay here again unless there is some sort of mega-sale.  NOT a fan.
I was really impressed by this place. This one night (through a mistake that wasn't my fault) I found a chocolate chip bar and they made me feel like a drunk kid.  Within minutes of hitting the lock I decided it was worth the wait.  I was never disappointed again. We ended up getting a rate of $44 at the top for not going to the lobby and the charge didn't just have to be waived; you were treated like you were looking for comfort. There are free Wi-Fi in every room, coffee service is super convenient (on my phone) and the offer of roaming brought a special treat to dinner. There was a small window overlooking the lake, everything was tiny and it was a pleasure to get a moment alone with some other guests. I really enjoyed visiting this place; I would definitely stay here again.  In the meantime, try out these flavors: mozzarella, au revoir, chives, lemon, balsamic vinaigrette. Cheers!
What can a say?  What a let down.  I have stayed at the W Lakeshore and enjoyed the contemporary design but this place is laughable in comparison.  Thank god they didn't destroy the beautiful ceilings and marble with tacky furniture and design.  The room was quiet and we had a narrow outward view.  Bedding was cheap and the bathroom felt dated with a paint job.  Another thing I noticed immediately upon entry is that the front desk is hidden away in a corner.  I probably won't stay here again unless there is some sort of mega-sale.  NOT a fan.
I stayed here last weekend to give a crack at a bit of a 2 year pass to my 5 year old son. We snagged this room from the hype at a fabulous place which is gorgeous. After an extensive emailing and phone conversation, both the customer service representative and the manager responded to all my questions and did a great job working with the previous night's visit. Now I know why their so called lodging system doesn't follow the state of the art cleaning and troubleshooting skills of the general public - they either hide it in one room, or do it through the roof & hallway, or not follow this advice. Once we had our rooms cleaned up, I felt unsafe in the room - we both felt the security cameras in the room didn't take our every move, and we were left extremely frustrated in the room. While the layout of the room and the busy meeting room (wifi in the front entrance, TV system in the room) didn't do us any good (we were given pretty large, dirty floors & a kitchen that couldn't keep up with other rooms - we got stuck up while a woman walked us to our car window), the decor was brilliant. The carpet is even more amazing (thanks on the kids!), when we finished washing and wiping the floor, the picture of the fridge and 4 windows that brought home the smell of the fridge made it all the way across the room. Also the room was quite clean, the tiny bathroom was SO
What can a say?  What a let down.  I have stayed at the W Lakeshore and enjoyed the contemporary design but this place is laughable in comparison.  Thank god they didn't destroy the beautiful ceilings and marble with tacky furniture and design.  The room was quiet and we had a narrow outward view.  Bedding was cheap and the bathroom felt dated with a paint job.  Another thing I noticed immediately upon entry is that the front desk is hidden away in a corner.  I probably won't stay here again unless there is some sort of mega-sale.  NOT a fan.
I stayed here when I was looking for an affordable W Hotel in the Ritz Carlton section of Chicago.  It was about a block away and I knew the location of the hotel from the outside and also from the phone call I received.  We left about 10 minutes before we were due to check in and I was immediately approached and informed by a very knowledgeable employee that the location is indeed in the Ritz Carlton and she assured me that they will bring in a location person who knows all the major hotel systems in the city to verify the location.  Oh and from what I understood to be the owner's opinion, the rooms are actually conveniently located in the Ritz Carlton and given that this location is so close to downtown Chicago, I couldn't have been less critical.  The place was quiet, well cleaned, well decorated, and we got our place in nicely.
What can a say?  What a let down.  I have stayed at the W Lakeshore and enjoyed the contemporary design but this place is laughable in comparison.  Thank god they didn't destroy the beautiful ceilings and marble with tacky furniture and design.  The room was quiet and we had a narrow outward view.  Bedding was cheap and the bathroom felt dated with a paint job.  Another thing I noticed immediately upon entry is that the front desk is hidden away in a corner.  I probably won't stay here again unless there is some sort of mega-sale.  NOT a fan. I plan on staying here again.
Came here on the anniversary of the 8th anniversary of the Scranton Hotel.  I am new here, but stayed here because we had a customer ever since June 5, 1989.  Since then the place has been completely renovated and renovated out of our care.  The boutique rooms were small and dull at first, but after 10 years of renovating and remodeling, the rooms are spacious and feel like they are given a future.  It's now 2 blocks away from our place for car parking, there's always room for a forklifts, or some body rocking action in there.  Rooms are reasonably priced, but we always get a feeling that we are staying at something we don't know what to expect. I've been staying here since Jan 2011.
I decided to take my mother to the rooftop bar at the wit on mother's day for a few cocktails. i wanted her to see a trendy boutique hotel such as the wit. we first sat down in the middle of the rooftop area. there were some stool-level gas heat lamp-type things. a server approached us but we weren't ready. we then decided the smell of the gas was uncomfortable, so we took a seat at the bar on the far end. it wasn't open but there were plenty of available stools and there was already 1 other gentleman there. upon switching seats, i notified our cocktail waitress and she said something like 'that's fine. someone should be w you shortly'... after 10 mins, no one came. we proceeded to move indoors because of nobody coming and it got cold. another 10 mins went by and it wasn't until i made eye contact w the manager on duty that i then saw him asking 'are those 2 being taken care of?' to a waitress... 1st round of drinks was fine. we had the prosecco w grenadine... too much grenadine at the bottom of the glass but it was ok. i had a glass of prosecco as my second and it was FLAT. there were barely any bubbles. i was completely dissatisfied, however i didn't complain. i'm now writing this review on here to share my unpleasant experience. the space was cute. the over-head lighting in the indoor portion of the rooftop was kind of tacky. i think a more glamorous, edgy chandelier would be more appropriate than those LED lights. i don't recommend going to the rooftop... may i sugguest the terrace at trump? cocktails are $12 at the wit versus $14 at the trump, a whopping $2 difference. also, the view of the river, navy pier, and various skyscr
I decided to take my mother to the rooftop bar at the wit on mother's day for a few cocktails. i wanted her to see a trendy boutique hotel such as the wit. we first sat down in the middle of the rooftop area. there were some stool-level gas heat lamp-type things. a server approached us but we weren't ready. we then decided the smell of the gas was uncomfortable, so we took a seat at the bar on the far end. it wasn't open but there were plenty of available stools and there was already 1 other gentleman there. upon switching seats, i notified our cocktail waitress and she said something like 'that's fine. someone should be w you shortly'... after 10 mins, no one came. we proceeded to move indoors because of nobody coming and it got cold. another 10 mins went by and it wasn't until i made eye contact w the manager on duty that i then saw him asking 'are those 2 being taken care of?' to a waitress... 1st round of drinks was fine. we had the prosecco w grenadine... too much grenadine at the bottom of the glass but it was ok. i had a glass of prosecco as my second and it was FLAT. there were barely any bubbles. i was completely dissatisfied, however i didn't complain. i'm now writing this review on here to share my unpleasant experience. the space was cute. the over-head lighting in the indoor portion of the rooftop was kind of tacky. i think a more glamorous, edgy chandelier would be more appropriate than those LED lights. i don't recommend going to the rooftop... may i sugguest the terrace at trump? cocktails are $12 at the wit versus $14 at the trump, a whopping $2 difference. also, the view of the river, navy pier, and various skyscr
I decided to take my mother to the rooftop bar at the wit on mother's day for a few cocktails. i wanted her to see a trendy boutique hotel such as the wit. we first sat down in the middle of the rooftop area. there were some stool-level gas heat lamp-type things. a server approached us but we weren't ready. we then decided the smell of the gas was uncomfortable, so we took a seat at the bar on the far end. it wasn't open but there were plenty of available stools and there was already 1 other gentleman there. upon switching seats, i notified our cocktail waitress and she said something like 'that's fine. someone should be w you shortly'... after 10 mins, no one came. we proceeded to move indoors because of nobody coming and it got cold. another 10 mins went by and it wasn't until i made eye contact w the manager on duty that i then saw him asking 'are those 2 being taken care of?' to a waitress... 1st round of drinks was fine. we had the prosecco w grenadine... too much grenadine at the bottom of the glass but it was ok. i had a glass of prosecco as my second and it was FLAT. there were barely any bubbles. i was completely dissatisfied, however i didn't complain. i'm now writing this review on here to share my unpleasant experience. the space was cute. the over-head lighting in the indoor portion of the rooftop was kind of tacky. i think a more glamorous, edgy chandelier would be more appropriate than those LED lights. i don't recommend going to the rooftop... may i sugguest the terrace at trump? cocktails are $12 at the wit versus $14 at the trump, a whopping $2 difference. also, the view of the river, navy pier, and various skyscr
I decided to take my mother to the rooftop bar at the wit on mother's day for a few cocktails. i wanted her to see a trendy boutique hotel such as the wit. we first sat down in the middle of the rooftop area. there were some stool-level gas heat lamp-type things. a server approached us but we weren't ready. we then decided the smell of the gas was uncomfortable, so we took a seat at the bar on the far end. it wasn't open but there were plenty of available stools and there was already 1 other gentleman there. upon switching seats, i notified our cocktail waitress and she said something like 'that's fine. someone should be w you shortly'... after 10 mins, no one came. we proceeded to move indoors because of nobody coming and it got cold. another 10 mins went by and it wasn't until i made eye contact w the manager on duty that i then saw him asking 'are those 2 being taken care of?' to a waitress... 1st round of drinks was fine. we had the prosecco w grenadine... too much grenadine at the bottom of the glass but it was ok. i had a glass of prosecco as my second and it was FLAT. there were barely any bubbles. i was completely dissatisfied, however i didn't complain. i'm now writing this review on here to share my unpleasant experience. the space was cute. the over-head lighting in the indoor portion of the rooftop was kind of tacky. i think a more glamorous, edgy chandelier would be more appropriate than those LED lights. i don't recommend going to the rooftop... may i sugguest the terrace at trump? cocktails are $12 at the wit versus $14 at the trump, a whopping $2 difference. also, the view of the river, navy pier, and various skyscr
My experience at the W,  was fantastic.  I went with the suite.  It was AWESOME.  I checked in Thursday afternoon,and the bellhops were super helpful loading and unloading all my luggage.   Parking at the W is a total rip-off  but I so is majority of the chicago hotels.  Getting the car from the valet usually took about 20 minutes so I learned to call ahead.I enjoy the club atmosphere on the first level (and in the elevators).  I thought it was really fun.The drinks are pricey but very good.One final note for the hotel's writing.  First off, this place is terrible.  Everything is tacky, tasteless, ugly, and not in a flattering way.  Don't tell anyone I said I would stay here if I knew what to do with it, but I will never stay here again.If you're wondering, the lobby is not very clean and the room is large.  In short, not a Chicago hotel.  Don't expect that for a Chicago or any other good Chicago looking hotel.If you're feeling adventurous, but still want a low key room downtown and still have a long weekend at Chicago you're in the right place!
My experience at the W,  was fantastic.  I went with the suite.  It was AWESOME.  I checked in Thursday afternoon,and the bellhops were super helpful loading and unloading all my luggage.   Parking at the W is a total rip-off  but I so is majority of the chicago hotels.  Getting the car from the valet usually took about 20 minutes so I learned to call ahead.I enjoy the club atmosphere on the first level (and in the elevators).  I thought it was really fun.The drinks are pricey but very good.The club atmosphere is the club setting for a night of going rock and roll.  We also went to a cheap night at a nice redhead's bar, which is a nice touch as well.I felt like someone was just trying to steal a friend's wedding.  I definitely liked going for a little history in the club rooms, especially for a bit before the party.There was also a really nice room on the hotel lobby for the staff, which was nice too.  It had bars throughout, and I would definitely stay at many more hotel nights.
My experience at the W,  was fantastic.  I went with the suite.  It was AWESOME.  I checked in Thursday afternoon,and the bellhops were super helpful loading and unloading all my luggage.   Parking at the W is a total rip-off  but I so is majority of the chicago hotels.  Getting the car from the valet usually took about 20 minutes so I learned to call ahead.I enjoy the club atmosphere on the first level (and in the elevators).  I thought it was really fun.The drinks are pricey but very good.  I usually get $6 a glass, to reflect the price I paid, i tend to use from 7 am-10 am.   Also there were a couple of fancy food trucks coming by...which didnt bring up a lot.  They were friendly and filled with food.  There was so much - we had enough room for half a boat...so i made reservations all over the city.  When we were getting ready to leave for Chicago, there was very little hotel available.  Unless you're looking to sneak out early and save room and board, i would advise staying here.
My experience at the W,  was fantastic.  I went with the suite.  It was AWESOME.  I checked in Thursday afternoon,and the bellhops were super helpful loading and unloading all my luggage.   Parking at the W is a total rip-off  but I so is majority of the chicago hotels.  Getting the car from the valet usually took about 20 minutes so I learned to call ahead.I enjoy the club atmosphere on the first level (and in the elevators).  I thought it was really fun.The drinks are pricey but very good.  For the price, it wasn't disappointing.
I stayed here while in Chicago for a business trip and would not do so again.  The rooms are extremely tiny, there is no air conditioner or heater and the walls are paper thin.  The bathroom was filthy and the shower didn't work properly so maintenance had to fix it every day.  Keep in mind when booking there is also no bar or room service so if you want to unwind after a long day, you can't do it here. I also did not have maid service every day, and not by choice.   This place was also way overpriced. There is no restaurant in the city and for all I know, hotel guests will just stay there.
I stayed here while in Chicago for a business trip and would not do so again.  The rooms are extremely tiny, there is no air conditioner or heater and the walls are paper thin.  The bathroom was filthy and the shower didn't work properly so maintenance had to fix it every day.  Keep in mind when booking there is also no bar or room service so if you want to unwind after a long day, you can't do it here. I also did not have maid service every day, and not by choice.   This place was also way overpriced.  The service was good but we were not expecting it.
I stayed here while in Chicago for a business trip and would not do so again.  The rooms are extremely tiny, there is no air conditioner or heater and the walls are paper thin.  The bathroom was filthy and the shower didn't work properly so maintenance had to fix it every day.  Keep in mind when booking there is also no bar or room service so if you want to unwind after a long day, you can't do it here. I also did not have maid service every day, and not by choice.   This place was also way overpriced.  Highly recommend.
When I first tried this location on October 26, I was disappointed with the mediocre service it had. Upon arrival at the hotel I was impressed with everything about it. There was a very nice desk, but very small for this size space. For the most part the service we had in the room was ok. We had no trouble standing around or facing anyone. The only thing I would change is that I replaced the wireless charging cable that the room had when I arrived. You can usually tell your room has the cable ripped out. The "lives are not that nice" is not true. All the employees were so picky that they refused to provide bathroom cleaning. The alarm system went off in the middle of the night because the lights were off. I also got a pricey bag of fish n chips for only $40 and that was the only move I made. However, even though I don't recommend this hotel to anyone, I was very impressed with the need to have a quick call with the the bell on this central tower of the hotel and the physical location of it.  There were other hotels in the city that have all the hotel amenities and amenity you need to get somewhere good, but my experience was entirely different. If I had stayed at The Ballroom, I would probably stay at the Hyde Park or Madison Park. Also, if I had stayed at the Hotel Kimball, I would probably opt for the Avenue Hotel or something. It's kind of like moving to a small place and then trying to make sense of all the options.  Still, for the $43.00 price
Perfect Bar & Grill!!! 3 stars!!! The staff was attentive and accommodating. I love food!  Great location, excellent location!  Great location to hang out! - Kathy @babber I stayed at this hotel for two nights, sat at a sushi bar on the corner, went out for a change of clothes for the night, watched on a TV for the first time on the balcony, and had to strike a couple of requests before it took off the tops (missing a single shuttle call, etc).  Most importantly, great cocktail and food included a contemporary  cocktail called Lemonade!!* Everyone we talked to was so friendly and helpful. While we had reservations there, the location was so convenient, it was easy to navigate to any of the bars and restaurants, which, again, are on the West side of my Loop, and stayed forever.  The staff wasn't overly knowledgeable, and our reservations were always reimbursed.One thing I mentioned to no avail to both staff and I was. My friend and I were planning on staying here, but he drove so far from Chicago that I didn't see anything interesting happening (he was able to get in the car there while driving, and then we stayed there. The hotel's general manager was kind enough to call us, and she confirmed that I knew the hotel as well.)Our friends and I stayed here to check out a restaurant called Live Diving, and the menu is delicious. The menu is on the right side of the hotel bar menu, although it was fairly small--only a few bottles, a small soda bottle, a small wine glass, and a few glasses and a single warm apple. The location and location in front of the Bell Tower also made it easy to locate sushi restaurants, a great fit for us.
The only reason I gave this hotel even 1 star is for location! I marked all the photos as not helpful because none of them represent the true suckiness of the room. I was doubly horrified because I brought my 6 year old son with me!  Five minutes after entering our room, he found a used razor under the dresser and in the course of our stay we found several other items that had been there, God knows how long. There was a clearly visable dirt ring where the vacuum didn't reach and obviously, the crack cleaning staff doesn't believe in moving furniture!Don't fall for the free continental breakfast either! They never had enough supply for the demand and unless you were down there at the crack of dawn, you were lucky to get coffee! Just go across the street to Duncan Donuts!If you're feeling brave, by all means enjoy the excellant proximity to many attractions. We walked to the Field Museum, Shedds Aquarium, Sears (Willis) Tower, Harold Washington Library, etc.  You can catch the #10 bus to  Museum of Science and Industry at 10th & Colombus and hop a train to Wrigley from State and Harrison. But, if you're faint of heart, run...run like the wind! I'm somewhere in between and I constantly went over the sheets for any signs of bed bugs and made my son sit on towels all the time!It may seem weird that they have an old fashioned elevator there, but we quickly learned that it was the only one that we really felt safe in. We were on the 12th floor so it wasn't an option. The other elevators seemed to lurch quite a bit, enough that my son was afraid of them...I was too, actually! If you end up facing North, the loop runs right outside your win
The only reason I gave this hotel even 1 star is for location! I marked all the photos as not helpful because none of them represent the true suckiness of the room. I was doubly horrified because I brought my 6 year old son with me!  Five minutes after entering our room, he found a used razor under the dresser and in the course of our stay we found several other items that had been there, God knows how long. There was a clearly visable dirt ring where the vacuum didn't reach and obviously, the crack cleaning staff doesn't believe in moving furniture!Don't fall for the free continental breakfast either! They never had enough supply for the demand and unless you were down there at the crack of dawn, you were lucky to get coffee! Just go across the street to Duncan Donuts!If you're feeling brave, by all means enjoy the excellant proximity to many attractions. We walked to the Field Museum, Shedds Aquarium, Sears (Willis) Tower, Harold Washington Library, etc.  You can catch the #10 bus to  Museum of Science and Industry at 10th & Colombus and hop a train to Wrigley from State and Harrison. But, if you're faint of heart, run...run like the wind! I'm somewhere in between and I constantly went over the sheets for any signs of bed bugs and made my son sit on towels all the time!It may seem weird that they have an old fashioned elevator there, but we quickly learned that it was the only one that we really felt safe in. We were on the 12th floor so it wasn't an option. The other elevators seemed to lurch quite a bit, enough that my son was afraid of them...I was too, actually! If you end up facing North, the loop runs right outside your win
The only reason I gave this hotel even 1 star is for location! I marked all the photos as not helpful because none of them represent the true suckiness of the room. I was doubly horrified because I brought my 6 year old son with me!  Five minutes after entering our room, he found a used razor under the dresser and in the course of our stay we found several other items that had been there, God knows how long. There was a clearly visable dirt ring where the vacuum didn't reach and obviously, the crack cleaning staff doesn't believe in moving furniture!Don't fall for the free continental breakfast either! They never had enough supply for the demand and unless you were down there at the crack of dawn, you were lucky to get coffee! Just go across the street to Duncan Donuts!If you're feeling brave, by all means enjoy the excellant proximity to many attractions. We walked to the Field Museum, Shedds Aquarium, Sears (Willis) Tower, Harold Washington Library, etc.  You can catch the #10 bus to  Museum of Science and Industry at 10th & Colombus and hop a train to Wrigley from State and Harrison. But, if you're faint of heart, run...run like the wind! I'm somewhere in between and I constantly went over the sheets for any signs of bed bugs and made my son sit on towels all the time!It may seem weird that they have an old fashioned elevator there, but we quickly learned that it was the only one that we really felt safe in. We were on the 12th floor so it wasn't an option. The other elevators seemed to lurch quite a bit, enough that my son was afraid of them...I was too, actually! If you end up facing North, the loop runs right outside your win
The only reason I gave this hotel even 1 star is for location! I marked all the photos as not helpful because none of them represent the true suckiness of the room. I was doubly horrified because I brought my 6 year old son with me!  Five minutes after entering our room, he found a used razor under the dresser and in the course of our stay we found several other items that had been there, God knows how long. There was a clearly visable dirt ring where the vacuum didn't reach and obviously, the crack cleaning staff doesn't believe in moving furniture!Don't fall for the free continental breakfast either! They never had enough supply for the demand and unless you were down there at the crack of dawn, you were lucky to get coffee! Just go across the street to Duncan Donuts!If you're feeling brave, by all means enjoy the excellant proximity to many attractions. We walked to the Field Museum, Shedds Aquarium, Sears (Willis) Tower, Harold Washington Library, etc.  You can catch the #10 bus to  Museum of Science and Industry at 10th & Colombus and hop a train to Wrigley from State and Harrison. But, if you're faint of heart, run...run like the wind! I'm somewhere in between and I constantly went over the sheets for any signs of bed bugs and made my son sit on towels all the time!It may seem weird that they have an old fashioned elevator there, but we quickly learned that it was the only one that we really felt safe in. We were on the 12th floor so it wasn't an option. The other elevators seemed to lurch quite a bit, enough that my son was afraid of them...I was too, actually! If you end up facing North, the loop runs right outside your win
I had a great hotel stay here this summer, and I was pleasantly surprised. The ambiance was beautiful, and the rooms were spacious with modern comfy bed, which may not be the most stylish choice. Everyone I spoke to described the convenience of staying in a hotel with lots of options. Our group was ordered to sit on a carpeted floor with an elevator to go into the rooms, open the front door, and pay for our drinks. It was an incredible experience. The lady in charge of handling all our previous guests had amazing office acuity, charm, and great customer service. She gave me the cards that I needed and, as a very out of towner, also had a delightful large desk for my work on other comps. Also, there are hotel guest rooms at five hotels in the Chicago area, so if you stay somewhere else, this hotel is an extremely efficient option.
Great location, good lobby, but the room was too small for me.  I felt like I was staying in a closet.  So, I spent most of my free time in the lobby, enjoying the spaciousness.  It was quiet and clean and loved the front desk staff.  I stayed on Saturday morning after a baseball game with my dad.  I didn't remember everything but remember that we were in the 75th floor lobby for some reason.  The top floor is perfect for a game or birthday.  You can hear the sun rising over the North Pole and you know that there's still life after that volcanic bellowed by the TV.I stayed in the Bedrocks Hotel again during breakfast this summer, and it was great.  Great breakfast for 2 weekend nights and definitely recommend it to every stayer.
Great place. I was offered another downtown hotel for $200-300 a night at Roosevelt the weekend, but I decided that it wasn't worth it. Besides the usual excitement and entertainment, the location wasn't quite as inviting or comfortable as I had expected. I needed a different hotel, so I turned to Kim and got the Konsport, a state-of-the-art, easy, beautiful hotel downtown. Konsport is in downtown Milwaukee, though, so I figured it would be nice to have my overnight and stay here in the heart of town.  I stayed there in early November, and ended up arriving right after 10 pm with about 2 hours to spare before the staff showed up. I stayed the next day, and got another location before noon, and stayed there again at noon. I missed the hotels on the 20th floor, but most of the hotels had Marriott Lakehead (a hotel the point in the downtown area that puts a smile on your face) and some of the nicer ones, so I had plenty of room in one bed, comfortable, and right near my rooms in the hotel lobby. Finally, to me, the hotel was comfy. Hotels don't close, but sometimes the closeness of the lobby makes it feel different. When I returned from the hotel, I checked the front desk for a sign that they had opened the front door. This came back and it wasn't there any more.  I thought I had just returned from a July stay with another NYC loved one and I was about to go back to see the friends I had. They offered a cool $200 for a room
Great location, good lobby, but the room was too small for me.  I felt like I was staying in a closet.  So, I spent most of my free time in the lobby, enjoying the spaciousness.  I learned a thing or two about those amenities and it was worth the price point.  I'd said over and over again that they never disappoint!
I came to this place to stay after my wife and I really had a dream for Chicago.  After walking through many subways, walkways, shacks, and every other bit of freestanding weird, it is evident that our rooms were all completely cleaned out and patched.  The rest is history!  They are clean but not that friendly, I was once ordered a new carpet, upgraded to 10" full-sized  sheets for our rooms, and now I live in Chicago for business and security reasons!!  Even if the U.S.A. has lots of state of the art escalators, it is too late to get cleaned up and told to bring it back.  We were finally greeted with service by our un-suspected friend at the door, Mike!  He immediately alerted me with a friendly note that it would be necessary to transfer our room in case they got the title out of it so we could leave.  I found a corporate suite which cost $700 less than the second suite but gave me a better view of the shopping area.  I got a great deal and wish they had transferred us.  I'd only use it for business, but their schedule helps!
I don't use many hotel rooms. This one is for 2 nights in a row and still feel like a wanker. The rooms look terrible and all around noisy, except for the lobby, which was pretty horrible. We are given front desk jobs but basically all we can do is walk away. Bad place to park and have the worst night of my life!! Lots of plastic bags and dumbbells in the parking lot on the first night, then in the day I can't figure out how to flush those bags and my glasses dont work for me. The elevators start with 'No Longer', then stand on the side and they stop. We've slept for an hour in the center, the front desk seems afraid to even open my water pressure gauge. They are so polite and patient. Even though the room is nice and clean, it looks like crap.
Great location, good lobby, but the room was too small for me.  I felt like I was staying in a closet.  So, I spent most of my free time in the lobby, enjoying the spaciousness. I liked what I saw and felt in the rooms. The group I went to was really nice, extremely comfortable and fun.  To check out the Suites location, just take a right on Chicago Avenue.  All you have to do is do a few places in the lobby and you'll be treated like royalty.
Great location, good lobby, but the room was too small for me.  I felt like I was staying in a closet.  So, I spent most of my free time in the lobby, enjoying the spaciousness.  We did need to stay a few times, but the bathtub was a BIG disappointment.  You can still see it in the hotel's website.  A plus is that the staff are very friendly.  We also experienced some slight pain from the elevator we had to push through.  Parking is a challenge when there's no parking machine available.  The service is great, the room is fine, and the people there have outstanding reviews.  The rest of the room is great,  perfect for friends, family, or to celebrate.
Great place to stay with a good brunch place and great location to make a reservation.  The restaurant is just right!  The decor is very beautiful.  The food is excellent!  Friendly staff, well organized, and good prices.  Parking in the corner is $3.  We used the shuttle from Wolf Rock through Lloyd Avenue to open the front desk.  It took an hour to get the car and $39 for a driver's license.  In return, the employee gave us the valid stamp, and that's all you need to know.
Woo ha!!!  The hotel couldn't be better!!!   Great location and great service.  If the view were anywhere near to our comfortable bed, we would not stay here.  However, the biggest issue I have with the hotel is that the bathroom is overly shallow in size and also leaky.  I would suggest that you check with the bathroom.  The bathrooms on the South Tower top floor have one that's more comfortable and quieter than any I've ever used.  Of course, I should have checked the mirrors to make sure they're down.  I was in the bathroom trying to reach for a pillow to flush my face, when, as we were putting our water bottle in the tub, the bottle started to leak.  The shower system was running, but that was a normal occurrence.  As I tried to grab the pillow I had forgotten to turn on the shower switch.  Obviously this is the norm for a hot tub.  Plus, I was literally standing in my bathtub while the sink was running.  And this hotel will not provide you with a decent sized bathtub that will flush your face
Location is perfect. Great location. Four star recommendation, we went out to this hotel. Once in the room, we found that you could go anywhere. The dimly lit lobby looked fantastic, a wonderful location to sit or stand on at a future wedding. Great lobby for a family wedding, plus to sit in the corner if you're feeling raucous at work! I will definitely stay here again.
Had a blast!!! An amazing, elegant, and affordable wedding reception at Blue Train.  I attended  the Cleveland, NY final, at the Millennium hotel in August 2012.  The food was great (especially the hotdogs ), the service and presentation was exceptional.  The size of the room was perfect.  But don't expect to be left disappointed, don't expect to spend $100 for a very nice and spacious guesthouse, you will feel like you are going to spend up to $300+ a night!  Although, while I'm not really an  intellectual property violator I would not go to this hotel again.
HUGE INTEREST!!  I really loved Chicago,  especially and was looking forward to our Wedding  in Chicago a couple of years back!  The front desk was super nice, fresh, creative, and knowledgeable of all things wedding and event planning, so we had a bunch of business friends who can get us together on the weekend.  When we booked a room there wasn't any need for us to get in a hurry!  There were three elevators for our family to walk down and open, but they were conveniently small.  Also, there was no restaurant in the lobby.  Finally, the waiter at the bell was extremely helpful, and he informed us that it was simply a quick walk and that we could use a cab for the weekend.  I enjoyed having a table set up for my daughters, and
This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed at! Anything that could possibly go wrong did go wrong. We checked in and immediately found peeling paint and mold in our shower which is unacceptable. We changed rooms and later that night I tried to take a shower. I couldn't shower  because the whole handle came off the shower, not to mention we had trouble getting hot water a couple of times. Also most of the hotel staff was incredibly rude and not helpful. The russian doorman were incredibly lazy and I had to tell them what to do. The only two people that were helpful at all were Pablo at the front desk and Rasheed the bell man. Before checking out, we checked the room for anything we might have forgotten. We found a glass under the bed filled with mold. I had been sick all week because I am allergic to mold, and it now makes sense because the Hotel seems to be covered in mold.I will never stay at this hotel again. We were treated like crap, and that is not what we expected when we drop THOUSANDS of dollars to stay there.  Stay there again!
This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed at! Anything that could possibly go wrong did go wrong. We checked in and immediately found peeling paint and mold in our shower which is unacceptable. We changed rooms and later that night I tried to take a shower. I couldn't shower  because the whole handle came off the shower, not to mention we had trouble getting hot water a couple of times. Also most of the hotel staff was incredibly rude and not helpful. The russian doorman were incredibly lazy and I had to tell them what to do. The only two people that were helpful at all were Pablo at the front desk and Rasheed the bell man. Before checking out, we checked the room for anything we might have forgotten. We found a glass under the bed filled with mold. I had been sick all week because I am allergic to mold, and it now makes sense because the Hotel seems to be covered in mold.I will never stay at this hotel again. We were treated like crap, and that is not what we expected when we drop THOUSANDS of dollars to stay there. Make no mistake about it, the 2,000 mile trip to Michigan is a phenomenal, quiet, good experience. You will also hear Joe for himself if you stay here!  WE WILL BE BACK for another rate!!
This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed at! Anything that could possibly go wrong did go wrong. We checked in and immediately found peeling paint and mold in our shower which is unacceptable. We changed rooms and later that night I tried to take a shower. I couldn't shower  because the whole handle came off the shower, not to mention we had trouble getting hot water a couple of times. Also most of the hotel staff was incredibly rude and not helpful. The russian doorman were incredibly lazy and I had to tell them what to do. The only two people that were helpful at all were Pablo at the front desk and Rasheed the bell man. Before checking out, we checked the room for anything we might have forgotten. We found a glass under the bed filled with mold. I had been sick all week because I am allergic to mold, and it now makes sense because the Hotel seems to be covered in mold.I will never stay at this hotel again. We were treated like crap, and that is not what we expected when we drop THOUSANDS of dollars to stay there. We will NEVER see these people again.
Came here as a guest to read one of the nicer rooms here, and I'd like to say this is also the place for ALL y'all that stay: extremely friendly staff, great decor, great food and beverage, and tasty food and drinks! Really comfortable. The price per night of $45.  Bed was absolutely spectacularly tasteful. The suite was very clean, very nice and high-quality.  The cocktails we ordered (Deli, Marlboro, Johnnie's, and Veritas vodka) were exceptional and took great care of their customer service.  In addition, we stayed in a few amazing hotels, such as this one in Michigan, with...well, I'm not sure if this translates to y'all hotel WTF, y'all.
Great location. Friendly service and excellent service. Filled lots of room areas for small rooms, and provided good Internet access. The staff were on hand all night (even during peak hours), assisting with our neighbors' needs. We tried most of the luxury hotels on the West Coast (In Chicago and elsewhere), but it only took a few minutes before the hotel took a walk-up street to another place. The Hotel would definitely be back in my city and we're sure we would be fine with staying here again.
This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed at! Anything that could possibly go wrong did go wrong. We checked in and immediately found peeling paint and mold in our shower which is unacceptable. We changed rooms and later that night I tried to take a shower. I couldn't shower  because the whole handle came off the shower, not to mention we had trouble getting hot water a couple of times. Also most of the hotel staff was incredibly rude and not helpful. The russian doorman were incredibly lazy and I had to tell them what to do. The only two people that were helpful at all were Pablo at the front desk and Rasheed the bell man. Before checking out, we checked the room for anything we might have forgotten. We found a glass under the bed filled with mold. I had been sick all week because I am allergic to mold, and it now makes sense because the Hotel seems to be covered in mold.I will never stay at this hotel again. We were treated like crap, and that is not what we expected when we drop THOUSANDS of dollars to stay there. We are looking forward to returning to go back here in the near future.
My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hardrock Hotel in January of 2010. We went to chicago to celebrate our 4 year anniversary. Got a great rate on the room. The rockstar theme isn't my forte but I knew what I was getting into and they do it well. Overnight parking is a little pricey at $46/night but I needed to put my car somewhere, and they have valet so you can just drop your car at the door. Little did I know the REAL reason we went to chicago... While we were out at dinner/drinks at the Hancock building, my bf had talked to Jose at the front desk and when we returned to the room he had arranged champagne/candles/chocolate and strawberries for us. My boyfriend proposed in this lovely setting. Since we hadn't arranged the 'romance package' beforehand we didn't get the rose petals. Jose felt so bad about the missing rose petals that he didn't charge us at all for the rest of it! (We left him a good tip anyway...)The room was good size and very comfy. The bed was incredibly comfortable even though I was too busy planning in my head my upcoming wedding to get much sleep. Great view of Michigan Ave from the 20th floor (could even see the river!)Would stay here again in a heartbeat...I highly recommend this property!
My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hardrock Hotel in January of 2010. We went to chicago to celebrate our 4 year anniversary. Got a great rate on the room. The rockstar theme isn't my forte but I knew what I was getting into and they do it well. Overnight parking is a little pricey at $46/night but I needed to put my car somewhere, and they have valet so you can just drop your car at the door. Little did I know the REAL reason we went to chicago... While we were out at dinner/drinks at the Hancock building, my bf had talked to Jose at the front desk and when we returned to the room he had arranged champagne/candles/chocolate and strawberries for us. My boyfriend proposed in this lovely setting. Since we hadn't arranged the 'romance package' beforehand we didn't get the rose petals. Jose felt so bad about the missing rose petals that he didn't charge us at all for the rest of it! (We left him a good tip anyway...)The room was good size and very comfy. The bed was incredibly comfortable even though I was too busy planning in my head my upcoming wedding to get much sleep. Great view of Michigan Ave from the 20th floor (could even see the river!)Would stay here again in a heartbeat...I would come back
My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hardrock Hotel in January of 2010. We went to chicago to celebrate our 4 year anniversary. Got a great rate on the room. The rockstar theme isn't my forte but I knew what I was getting into and they do it well. Overnight parking is a little pricey at $46/night but I needed to put my car somewhere, and they have valet so you can just drop your car at the door. Little did I know the REAL reason we went to chicago... While we were out at dinner/drinks at the Hancock building, my bf had talked to Jose at the front desk and when we returned to the room he had arranged champagne/candles/chocolate and strawberries for us. My boyfriend proposed in this lovely setting. Since we hadn't arranged the 'romance package' beforehand we didn't get the rose petals. Jose felt so bad about the missing rose petals that he didn't charge us at all for the rest of it! (We left him a good tip anyway...)The room was good size and very comfy. The bed was incredibly comfortable even though I was too busy planning in my head my upcoming wedding to get much sleep. Great view of Michigan Ave from the 20th floor (could even see the river!)Would stay here again in a heartbeat...
My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hardrock Hotel in January of 2010. We went to chicago to celebrate our 4 year anniversary. Got a great rate on the room. The rockstar theme isn't my forte but I knew what I was getting into and they do it well. Overnight parking is a little pricey at $46/night but I needed to put my car somewhere, and they have valet so you can just drop your car at the door. Little did I know the REAL reason we went to chicago... While we were out at dinner/drinks at the Hancock building, my bf had talked to Jose at the front desk and when we returned to the room he had arranged champagne/candles/chocolate and strawberries for us. My boyfriend proposed in this lovely setting. Since we hadn't arranged the 'romance package' beforehand we didn't get the rose petals. Jose felt so bad about the missing rose petals that he didn't charge us at all for the rest of it! (We left him a good tip anyway...)The room was good size and very comfy. The bed was incredibly comfortable even though I was too busy planning in my head my upcoming wedding to get much sleep. Great view of Michigan Ave from the 20th floor (could even see the river!)Would stay here again in a heartbeat...if I could!
Great bar. Also great service for a little more than a $15 rate. The name of the hotel is Virginia Tech (very hip, but very expensive). My first time in town, however, was when I was thinking of visiting my first ever property. The hotel was gorgeous, inviting and very clean. I found myself going through all of the security channels to avoid security or out. The bar and the food were fresh and fresh. My only concern is for the treatment at the front desk! Pros: - Right of delivery, special policy, excellent decor and service. - Terrible service. On the plus side - Big lobby, few elevator attendants and staff! Down the street I see upscale suburbs scattered throughout.  I also saw a bottle of Petite at the club right outside of the hotel.  The management staff was a pest for dealing with us, if ever there was a customer who needed help.  This city has all kinds of run-of-the-mill people who will literally never leave. If you stay here you should call the hotel instead of staying at the Hilton Chicago Club, the Drake's, or any other places. The Paterno bar is a nice bar that served food.  If you have stayed in the Chicago I have but never understood why people make reservations in the Chicago I wanted to stay, it's because the Paterno is a bar! - Excellent restaurant with great value. The staff was friendly and helpful, we'd sit next to any of the sausages we liked, and the over the counter parking was simple and efficient. Other recommendations: 1) Water and shampoo here, since you won't be charged the hotel account fee for that. 2) Toilet paper, paper towels, paper lin
I went to a wedding event at the Centennial. The cake was just so good that I even made a small reservation to eat it too. The reception was just so professional that I felt like I was in a movie. I just ate my way through the stage, but definitely wanted a cupcake and a nice slice. My older sister is a stage manager at the event, so it was really nice. Not only was the bride held up to all of the attendants and worked great, but the bridesmaids were very attentive, very polite, and made sure everything was fine. It's definitely not a 'classic' wedding but it still is truly a memorable experience.
not a hotel. it appears to be run by monkeys! the value proposition sucks.suites??? no they're not. they're oversized Motel rooms. that's all. :/when i got to my room, or should I say, massively oversized empty useless and badly decorated "space", the first thing that came to mind was only a really scrubby family would need 3 sinks! (one sink in the bathroom, one next to the "kitchennette" and one in the bedroom). they really think that their guests are bad at personal hygiene, huh? Even though his was supposed to be a "suite", the mini-bar was empty! when i called, the rude and unapologetic response of the "night manager" (doug) was: "no we don't run mini-bars, not even in suites."... LAME... on a business trip, i can't have nuts, water, beer nor wine or spirits when I most need this comfort?.... service at the Embassy Suites is worse than at American Airlines!! omfgThey didn't even have wi-fi included in a $500 "suite" / night... so I called again, only to find an even more unhelpful attitude from the front desk staff. LAME... once I frustratingly tried to pay and connect by myself, I had to go and sit through a 5min technical call to get the wi-fi connected. plus, the curtains don't even shut properly, the bathrooms  are tiny, the carpets are ugly and the phones are obsolete models....  ÜBER LAME please boycott this hotel chain - oversized crap at overpriced rates with a topping of arrogant, unfriendly staff. un abrazo :P               ~~
not a hotel. it appears to be run by monkeys! the value proposition sucks.suites??? no they're not. they're oversized Motel rooms. that's all. :/when i got to my room, or should I say, massively oversized empty useless and badly decorated "space", the first thing that came to mind was only a really scrubby family would need 3 sinks! (one sink in the bathroom, one next to the "kitchennette" and one in the bedroom). they really think that their guests are bad at personal hygiene, huh? Even though his was supposed to be a "suite", the mini-bar was empty! when i called, the rude and unapologetic response of the "night manager" (doug) was: "no we don't run mini-bars, not even in suites."... LAME... on a business trip, i can't have nuts, water, beer nor wine or spirits when I most need this comfort?.... service at the Embassy Suites is worse than at American Airlines!! omfgThey didn't even have wi-fi included in a $500 "suite" / night... so I called again, only to find an even more unhelpful attitude from the front desk staff. LAME... once I frustratingly tried to pay and connect by myself, I had to go and sit through a 5min technical call to get the wi-fi connected. plus, the curtains don't even shut properly, the bathrooms  are tiny, the carpets are ugly and the phones are obsolete models....  ÜBER LAME please boycott this hotel chain - oversized crap at overpriced rates with a topping of arrogant, unfriendly staff. un abrazo est - california avg- sc2 lol  BEEN there during WODLAND!
defeated host, great show, plus some really fun things about this place.. awesome pub scene, great atmosphere...we moved here on my 18th birthday and chose this location because of the proximity to Chicago.  Everything from music to dance were within walking distance to this building. The drinks are soft but strong.. if you're into having drinks be sure to ask for a water fountain..
not a hotel. it appears to be run by monkeys! the value proposition sucks.suites??? no they're not. they're oversized Motel rooms. that's all. :/when i got to my room, or should I say, massively oversized empty useless and badly decorated "space", the first thing that came to mind was only a really scrubby family would need 3 sinks! (one sink in the bathroom, one next to the "kitchennette" and one in the bedroom). they really think that their guests are bad at personal hygiene, huh? Even though his was supposed to be a "suite", the mini-bar was empty! when i called, the rude and unapologetic response of the "night manager" (doug) was: "no we don't run mini-bars, not even in suites."... LAME... on a business trip, i can't have nuts, water, beer nor wine or spirits when I most need this comfort?.... service at the Embassy Suites is worse than at American Airlines!! omfgThey didn't even have wi-fi included in a $500 "suite" / night... so I called again, only to find an even more unhelpful attitude from the front desk staff. LAME... once I frustratingly tried to pay and connect by myself, I had to go and sit through a 5min technical call to get the wi-fi connected. plus, the curtains don't even shut properly, the bathrooms  are tiny, the carpets are ugly and the phones are obsolete models....  ÜBER LAME please boycott this hotel chain - oversized crap at overpriced rates with a topping of arrogant, unfriendly staff. un abrazo!! (e.g. have a popcorn and break it on the microwave system before dinner, they call that loud; and when they say something loud, do not call it for noise. called again two minutes after payment, and was ignored.
not a hotel. it appears to be run by monkeys! the value proposition sucks.suites??? no they're not. they're oversized Motel rooms. that's all. :/when i got to my room, or should I say, massively oversized empty useless and badly decorated "space", the first thing that came to mind was only a really scrubby family would need 3 sinks! (one sink in the bathroom, one next to the "kitchennette" and one in the bedroom). they really think that their guests are bad at personal hygiene, huh? Even though his was supposed to be a "suite", the mini-bar was empty! when i called, the rude and unapologetic response of the "night manager" (doug) was: "no we don't run mini-bars, not even in suites."... LAME... on a business trip, i can't have nuts, water, beer nor wine or spirits when I most need this comfort?.... service at the Embassy Suites is worse than at American Airlines!! omfgThey didn't even have wi-fi included in a $500 "suite" / night... so I called again, only to find an even more unhelpful attitude from the front desk staff. LAME... once I frustratingly tried to pay and connect by myself, I had to go and sit through a 5min technical call to get the wi-fi connected. plus, the curtains don't even shut properly, the bathrooms  are tiny, the carpets are ugly and the phones are obsolete models....  ÜBER LAME please boycott this hotel chain - oversized crap at overpriced rates with a topping of arrogant, unfriendly staff. un abrazo posteed in my room (where I stayed)  and $38 USD a night  and tons of racy, romantic fare...it could not be worse....  worst of all, the front desk is paltry and dishonest...it may be that they wanted to advertis
I stayed here only for one night. We arrived too early to check in and the concierge was happy to stow our bags for us while we shopped outside of the hotel which was awesome. Check in was quick and friendly. We had desk agent Cookie. She was wonderful, pleasant, and all around a giggler which you usually dont get at hotels...or the fancier ones anyways. We didnt get the room choice we wanted but it was ok. I got a great deal on the room so i wasnt even a bit upset. Room was very clean, beds super comfy with TONS of pillows. Bathroom a tad tight but luckily my bf has a shaved head so we werent fighting for the bathroom to get ready ha. Quick response when we called down to ask for toothpaste and silverwear. The door man was funny and very helpful to point us in the direction we were trying to go. Cab service from the hotel was very nice and quick as well. There is an Einstein Bagels attached to the hotel which was perfect. I believe this is my new hotel in the city. Great value for the location and your modern "hilton" hotel. Very very pleased with our stay.
Great stay  We booked this weekend in Chicago. There was an idea for us to check out this beautiful historic hotel out on the lake but we weren't prepared for the wait of all the mini-malls and the lack of security in the room.  One room in particular with six guest rooms is WAY OUT of our price range! I have been staying in Chicago since September and it's finally time to get in touch.I had always felt that Chicago was a city where you never really found a reason to live in a city.  I guess that's not entirely fair.  But, after 3+ years of traveling from here, I thought I had found the right hotel for myself.  So, after the pressure of this major journey, we could finally do what we wanted without an expectation that it would be too cold, or too noisy.  However, this hotel was kind of quiet, our room had a loud banging noise which took a very long time to settle down. In addition, our bed was kind of dirty, yet cheap.Our experience there was just an aggravation.I am not a "Chicago junkie".  I have been to many places in Chicago where hotels are not listed.  But in this instance,
I stayed here only for one night. We arrived too early to check in and the concierge was happy to stow our bags for us while we shopped outside of the hotel which was awesome. Check in was quick and friendly. We had desk agent Cookie. She was wonderful, pleasant, and all around a giggler which you usually dont get at hotels...or the fancier ones anyways. We didnt get the room choice we wanted but it was ok. I got a great deal on the room so i wasnt even a bit upset. Room was very clean, beds super comfy with TONS of pillows. Bathroom a tad tight but luckily my bf has a shaved head so we werent fighting for the bathroom to get ready ha. Quick response when we called down to ask for toothpaste and silverwear. The door man was funny and very helpful to point us in the direction we were trying to go. Cab service from the hotel was very nice and quick as well. There is an Einstein Bagels attached to the hotel which was perfect. I believe this is my new hotel in the city. Great value for the location and your modern "hilton" hotel. Very very pleased with our stay.
This is a poor design. I would like a brand new suite or lounge in the city. It is really expensive in NYC, even if you can afford the fantastic location on East 9th Street. How about you make a huge budget to get a the renovated 18 W Hotel?
I stayed here only for one night. We arrived too early to check in and the concierge was happy to stow our bags for us while we shopped outside of the hotel which was awesome. Check in was quick and friendly. We had desk agent Cookie. She was wonderful, pleasant, and all around a giggler which you usually dont get at hotels...or the fancier ones anyways. We didnt get the room choice we wanted but it was ok. I got a great deal on the room so i wasnt even a bit upset. Room was very clean, beds super comfy with TONS of pillows. Bathroom a tad tight but luckily my bf has a shaved head so we werent fighting for the bathroom to get ready ha. Quick response when we called down to ask for toothpaste and silverwear. The door man was funny and very helpful to point us in the direction we were trying to go. Cab service from the hotel was very nice and quick as well. There is an Einstein Bagels attached to the hotel which was perfect. I believe this is my new hotel in the city. Great value for the location and your modern "hilton" hotel. Very very pleased with our stay.
I stayed here only for one night. We arrived too early to check in and the concierge was happy to stow our bags for us while we shopped outside of the hotel which was awesome. Check in was quick and friendly. We had desk agent Cookie. She was wonderful, pleasant, and all around a giggler which you usually dont get at hotels...or the fancier ones anyways. We didnt get the room choice we wanted but it was ok. I got a great deal on the room so i wasnt even a bit upset. Room was very clean, beds super comfy with TONS of pillows. Bathroom a tad tight but luckily my bf has a shaved head so we werent fighting for the bathroom to get ready ha. Quick response when we called down to ask for toothpaste and silverwear. The door man was funny and very helpful to point us in the direction we were trying to go. Cab service from the hotel was very nice and quick as well. There is an Einstein Bagels attached to the hotel which was perfect. I believe this is my new hotel in the city. Great value for the location and your modern "hilton" hotel. Very very pleased with our stay. Thanks again for staying at the W Hotel!
I got this hotel for $415/night and booked a room for $350/night at a local grocery store. After some ungodly pensive online shopping, I decided to go for it.  Their website claims to have 2 rooms available. The place is located in the center block and the $100 membership fee is $70/night. The packages are excellent. I was expecting for the hotel to have some hookers or massage attendants at my place.  Both of those were incorrect.  Most of the time, your hotel will charge the clerk for  this service.I didn't think much of the room service.  I'll be returning.After a weekend in California, it made sense for me to spend another weekend here. I called to inform the hotel about the service.  I have had a hotel stay here since the 1950s.  The service has been awesome.  If I had been in Chicago, I would have been afraid to close the door with my hand down the elevator. The room service was fantastic.
Wow! The lobby is so cool!!! I knew it was inside! They brought 10 guests in, it was simply a wonderful experience!!! The rooms are spacious, because all the rooms have the same size beds and the ballrooms are comfy! The girls at the hotel clean and care about their brides (i went there 5 years ago for the wedding)....my god.
I have not used here for a while so I can not comment on the value, but at this point I am starting to think the hotels provide some value. We needed a nice hotel and this is it. All the information we received was accurate. First of all, the "free" rooms were bigger than average. There were an awful lot of TVs and phones which, unfortunately, left a lot of room burn. The only advantage I had was the proximity to the Sky Room. So, for me, it was okay. They say they offer free rooms, but that is only a preference and when a hotel is not in the city I simply checked out, asked, and wasn't given that option. Great hotel. Third, the Energizer Room helped us when we were considering moving here due to a problem in the rooms. They were ok at best but when we called and had to give up the choice because of a size issue I was unable to listen. There are a few other "good" hotels that are ok if they do not have a W-Room, but then again it is expensive and must be replaced. I have been told that the W-Room is about 25% of what I recommend. I wish I could compare Hotel I will to Hotel I once again, but I do not recommend I recommend this hotel to anyone. Oh, and don't
I was looking forward to the offer of a hotel that didn't have any place to go - almost the end of the article. It took us a few minutes to get to the first floor but I had plenty of room in the room for next week's event. It took me almost two hours to get to the lobby with all that furniture and all. Although the service rate was great, you will hear me say over and over again about staying at Chicago Ballroom - nothing will stay the same, nothing will be right. The location, size, and services are rare and, as such, it is hard to recommend it. The old building is still functional and tidy - not sure if the new, renovated, same building is as old or more modern. The lobby was well laid out, clean and the staff seemed enthusiastic about their work. Most importantly, everything was free!
We ended up staying at this Chicago Ballroom, which I think is a great thing because you can have a great time in the city if you care about dining and don't mind more noise. The employees are nice and friendly, the rooms were close to my room and they made me feel comfortable in my bedroom.  We never liked the gym, some of the young staff even began to question our accommodations before they left, however we chose this place for our breakfast. The staff were very helpful, very polite, always filled with enthusiasm. The food itself is a bit of a challenge considering that you will have to give us in-home specialties to get anything. Room service was a bit slow overall, however if you need to go for quick coffee they are always open. I do think this Chicago Ballroom is worth a try, which is what I was hoping for.
We stayed at this Chicago Ballroom on Monday (Sept 13th) and it was great! We had a great time and breakfast, great service, and great music.  The ballroom is a great hotel, but I would rate this place higher if I stayed in Chicago.
Stayed here for almost 2 years and if in doubt, drove to Wacha. I dont even stay here at all anymore. Can you blame me?    the heat water out of the toilets runs 12 minutes a year!    ok I can not be happier! The concierge at the Wacha was nice, as was our large group of coworkers. The carpet was tastefully made in sufficient pressure and I can understand the Wacha have been super picky about this area.    Great location and adequate accommodation if you are looking for something decent. I must say that
Great hotel  This one was a bit too big for me but still has it's virtues. Rooms are small, pretty in the room to the right distance from everything that could be happening outside and your belongings here are fresh, comfy and quiet. There is a bar across the street with a very nice menu (I wouldn't mind one if the housekeeper caught me too!) Great staff. Had a couple of friends who were staying for a private event and even had some sushi mixed with sushi some time ago.  From the sounds of it it, there was a little more of an expectation to decorate things with decorating kits, I guess this is the way for a 50+ year old hotel to be. The bed was clearly well made, and the kitchen did a fantastic job
Oh, wait a second - the hotel is absolutely gorgeous. Check it out! They had 3 rooms as of 1/5 year and the dresser was amazing (which are nice - but not worth the $1300 it would've cost).  The rate was  reasonable, but at $200 a month they seem to have been trying to do an ironing board too.  I guess that's not for me.  Book my rooms next time I go there!
Pity the bridesmaids here. They do seem to be getting it in the hotel bed, and even though they're not guests yet, I expect them to keep it. Only drawback is the elevator. The service was terrible and the service was so slow that I felt like they were trying to send a signal from the elevators that we were getting booked online. On the bright side, this isn't the hotel I'd want to stay in!
Stayed at Dodger Stadium in November and didn't expect to be accustomed to a club filled with stellar people. It was a pleasant meeting. Everyone was accommodating and comfy. The service was standard for a high-end hotel, and the room smelled like new everyday stuff. There were some empty seats that had only beds on the first one (this hotel couldn't fit three beds) and when your guests wanted to upgrade, a group of baristas came up and asked about more places to sit and offered to help. I could see myself walking in the lobby and thinking to myself "Wow..this is sooo quiet."
Love it and awesome place! Your room is clean, everything has been cleaned, and the manager made sure everything was within safe distance of the door (no lights or curtains) as well as there is a waiting list for everyone. Our room stayed warm and comfortable. The price is great for a very good value for you and a great place to be.  They are located in downtown Chicago so not far from the Allston Theater, Chicago IL.  Any time you're feeling extremely remote or out in the city and are lucky enough to have a Starbucks in your vicinity, travel to them.
DO NOT HAVE AN EVENT HERE!  THEY SCREW UP BIG TIME!! I had a holiday work event here and Ken goofed everything up!  It almost caused my job to be on the line.  I don't know whether they just don't understand party planning or what but it was a bad experience!  Furthermore, they blamed me like it was my fault and charged me for what they goofed.  In addition, my friend recently had her wedding there (why I went through them) I will say the room was really pretty but later she told me the service was bad as well (unfortunately after my holiday party).  She ordered drinks for her wedding that weren't there and the catering office and THE EXECUTIVE OFFICE gave her a hard time.  She said none of her guests or friends will ever go to that hotel again because of how the awful demeanor of the hotel manager (a true unprofessional)!  Stay clear, they do not know what they are doing here.  Oh, and did I mention, you can tell the hotel staff things 3 times and they still won't get it?  Oh, and you won't even believe how many expensive luxury hotel rooms there are out there.  OK, so here's the thing, if you want to really kickstart your holiday experience then this place is for you.  I got the room on a holiday after my wedding and it was NOT the best looking wedding of my life.  To top it off I ended up having to leave the room early.  Didn't even have the biggest tv on the bed and their sub rockers stuck out of my head.  I don't know why they didn't have a tv stand up or whatever but I was SO RECOMMENDED  but oh well...don't go there! (HA! the downside to their idea of a "fun day" is that I can't get rid of my expensive cell phone during this
This is the best hotel in town. They have the best staff and very friendly.  Our server is absolutely the best I have encountered in Chicago. Everyone at the front desk is friendly, easygoing and understanding. The bar staff also gives a great opinion on anything we are having problems with, from getting together for a cocktail to navigating the restaurant menu while staying at the adjoining restaurant. We had eaten at the place for about an hour and we loved the service.  If you aren't into Chicago, Chicago is like that. It is not like Chicago hotels that are cheaper and cheaper than any other. These hotels are more like
Awesome place!!! Huge walls with movie theaters, bathroom's (family friendly), fitness center, pharmacy and so much more!!! Another fun  stay here!!! We had this place for six nights a week from 3-8. There were indoor showers, tv room, coffee maker (attached to fridge), tv, bath, mini closet. The staff was gentle and helpful - I asked them to make the room accomodate an adult room for me. On the second floor, the massage bar is connected by LED wires, which made the room unique. This is NOT a home-style spa.  There are foot-washing machines, machines for towels, coffee maker, door handle bar (with hardware, wi-fi required) and so much more. I can't believe we were unable to get breakfast in one of those establishments. The only negative I would say would be to stay at the beach.  I really appreciated the location, but if you are looking for an activity you can check out the hotel in Barcelona.
Pretty great place with the best to eat but w/these guys would NEVER recommend Chicago to anyone. A great breakfast at The Magnificent Mile because there are now alot of bars. Suites around the corner if you want a restaurant, but usually it is in a great hotel with awesome restaurants and bar comforts.
My husband and I stay here every weekend. We have been staying at this hotel for 4 years.I have a special fondness for the old Chicago hotels. The price is too good a deal. Everything within walking distance was nice and clean. Our room was great and was close to several restaurants. Also it was convenient as the service was always super friendly. I've been staying at hotels in the suburbs that run 30's or 40's style hotels. In many years, they are using the contemporary architectural style for upscale, boutique style accommodation. This is not happening here.In addition to the noise, people have thrown beverages on the beds. A tub was used to flush the beer and some used a turn off light to view, while the shower was kept on every minute. The bathroom had an old office chair. As you approach bathroom doors, turn the light on and next thing you know you are out of your dour mood.As for their most recent hotel recommendations, that is simply another small notch in the road. They are right in downtown Chicago at 72nd Street (30th Avenue) which can be seen from downtown Chicago. So why should you stop at one of the two Chicago restaurants, especially if you are looking for something affordable or unique?Well for one thing they have recently started remodeling a couple of the old Chicago hotels in the parking lot.  This would be a big deal if they would close the one and only location we saw that could serve us our last stay.  The museum and the gym (Museum Theatre) are right next door. This would be a fantastic addition to the beautiful Chicago skyline.To make things worse I was recently contacted by our agent to offer up $50 an hour
We love. When I was just a teenager, I love and am always planning my next vacation to Chicago and also celebrate our family's anniversary.  I recently chose the Big Bad Inn in Indiana because of its great location, great parking, and great food.  I was intrigued by the location of the hotel and how perfect it felt and couldn't believe that the hotel staff would be so accommodating to our requests.  It has had a nice variety of events since its inception and in the best of places.  As we headed out of town for our vacation, my only concern was the rooms.  Even with the reasonable price of the room, I was disappointed because they were unresponsive to my requests.  It has been 3 days since we've had the opportunity to review the reviews and don't expect that the staff will change anything, and I was fairly worried that they would do anything about our requests.  I'm a sucker for a hotel that welcomes us whenever we arrive, whether we're in the middle of shopping, at a concert, or just looking forward to getting to know our friends.   Not to mention, while my trip was in Chicago, we got a great view of the lake through the roof of the hotel!  I am told that rooms can be booked at any hotel and that is the cool thing about staying here!  I suggest checking it out, it's fun, and it's convenient to have someone else able to take care of your travel needs!
I booked my room through Hotwire, so the hotel staff refused to give me a king size bed.  I was told the rate guaranteed me a room, but not a specific bed type.  It wasn't until Hotwire phoned the hotel, that I receive a room with a king size bed. Also, I called and requested a bottle opener.  I was told I had to come to the front desk to use it.  The room was very warm because of the outdated ac unit.  The walls were paper thin.  The pool and location was nice.  You get what you pay for.  While I could have slept here a lot better, the hallway was concave and ugly.  I was in for an even worse experience.
I loved the location. the window was breathtaking. We only stayed there a couple times. The staff was friendly and accommodating. Parking was reasonable and parking was free for all of our guests. Our bedroom suite was equipped with a 2 bedroom flat. Wifi was provided but the only way to get around the WIF was to be online. For that it didn't cost us much. Everyone in the suite seemed very respectful, friendly and used the bathroom like a champ. Yes, the elevators can take a beating. We found ourselves waiting there a few blocks before we could get to our room. Both rooms were very comfortable and light. The service on duty times were reasonable.  Travel is two blocks south of downtown, the train-obstructed Lake Michigan shoreline gives us great views of what a great place to get to work. We arrived in the middle of a traffic jam and checked into the next room, hoping to catch our flight or check-in before the jam escalated into a police visit.
I had booked the 3rd floor (intercontinental) concierge room in the Chicago Guest House for a short walk to look at our unique vacation destination. The rooms are good, small but have everything you need at home. We were told the room was comfortable, had an open bathroom with room for all, and absolutely free shuttle service. All of that is great, but this time the service was mediocre. The waitress said the service wasn't expensive and we felt like we were helping a "snooper's club". The person working there stated it was 100% comfortable and the hotel charges nothing. We ended up coming to this hotel three days late, but I was sure that was a flaw of the hotel. I will never go back to this hotel again. They don't advertise alcohol. This is the result of the high property values on the previous 4 years. Not a f icing of a good hotel.
This is one of the nicest vacation rental sites out there. The staff is friendly and the valet is extremely helpful.  I've never stayed so little and I have heard very positive comments about the location and feel like I've made an unwarranted comment here.  It seems like the club is busy doing its business here, but in the small space, which is right outside of this downtown, that needs to change.The view was a bit rare, but the rooms were comfortable. The bowling alley is a bit old, and the view is much better than the hotels in downtown.The office was a bit small, but there was a sense of privacy and courtesy.One morning I was shopping in the market for a small massage room.  For breakfast, it was a croissant set to muffin size.  I opted for a smaller croissant, but that's not the point of the spa.The rest of the room was decorated with flowers and prints, along with a sofa!The breakfast at Hotel Baseline wasn't delicious.  It seemed to me like they're going around painting itself.  They don't clean up rooms after dinner like this.  Finally, at around 11:30, they had a niex system stolen.  I asked the manager if I could go upstairs, but he insisted that I stay in the car.  I guess I really don't understand why the manager said, "Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere."  There's no sense in going into the car.  The general manager thought the shindig was helping with the car theft, which wouldn't have helped anyway.I guess someone is just taking advantage of the weekend to play video games in a dark room?
This hotel has been around for 30+ years, and has been very popular recently for its excellent location, new staff, and location.   It is a good deal and service, from hotel management, to the food, and the world of hotel clubs.  Downtown, in a city such as Chicago, has its own unique history.  The feeling that our rooms were made of the finest materials at one time is probably most common in our time in Chicago.
We stayed at The Whitehall this past weekend. While it could use some freshening up in the lobby etc. we found it to be a perfectly nice hotel. The staff was pleasant and efficient and the rooms were well appointed and clean.The best parts of the hotel are the lounge, which is nicely rehabbed and very charming, the beds (super comfy) and the bathrooms which have been most recently renovated. We had breakfast in the adjacent restaurant the next morning and found good service and fresh food cooked well.I give the Whitehall 4 stars primarily because of the VALUE of the place. We paid $99 on a Groupon promotion and that INCLUDED valet parking and continental breakfast. What a deal! Even without the promotion, the available rates are great for a charming old hotel on the Gold Coast. We would definitely stay there again.
We stayed at The Whitehall this past weekend. While it could use some freshening up in the lobby etc. we found it to be a perfectly nice hotel. The staff was pleasant and efficient and the rooms were well appointed and clean.The best parts of the hotel are the lounge, which is nicely rehabbed and very charming, the beds (super comfy) and the bathrooms which have been most recently renovated. We had breakfast in the adjacent restaurant the next morning and found good service and fresh food cooked well.I give the Whitehall 4 stars primarily because of the VALUE of the place. We paid $99 on a Groupon promotion and that INCLUDED valet parking and continental breakfast. What a deal! Even without the promotion, the available rates are great for a charming old hotel on the Gold Coast. We would definitely stay there again.<|endoftext|>
We stayed at The Whitehall this past weekend. While it could use some freshening up in the lobby etc. we found it to be a perfectly nice hotel. The staff was pleasant and efficient and the rooms were well appointed and clean.The best parts of the hotel are the lounge, which is nicely rehabbed and very charming, the beds (super comfy) and the bathrooms which have been most recently renovated. We had breakfast in the adjacent restaurant the next morning and found good service and fresh food cooked well.I give the Whitehall 4 stars primarily because of the VALUE of the place. We paid $99 on a Groupon promotion and that INCLUDED valet parking and continental breakfast. What a deal! Even without the promotion, the available rates are great for a charming old hotel on the Gold Coast. We would definitely stay there again.
We stayed at The Whitehall this past weekend. While it could use some freshening up in the lobby etc. we found it to be a perfectly nice hotel. The staff was pleasant and efficient and the rooms were well appointed and clean.The best parts of the hotel are the lounge, which is nicely rehabbed and very charming, the beds (super comfy) and the bathrooms which have been most recently renovated. We had breakfast in the adjacent restaurant the next morning and found good service and fresh food cooked well.I give the Whitehall 4 stars primarily because of the VALUE of the place. We paid $99 on a Groupon promotion and that INCLUDED valet parking and continental breakfast. What a deal! Even without the promotion, the available rates are great for a charming old hotel on the Gold Coast. We would definitely stay there again.
I love Chicago, and I'm really looking forward to heading down to Chicago for another stay here.  I'm not a big fan of West Coast hotels, but I like a location where I can walk to and from the airport and get to the offices.  I stayed at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and was shocked to discover that the rooms that actually needed to be upgraded were in that building.  Yes, some of the old ones had only windows and exposed plumbing. But despite that, the renovations on the buildings made the room look old-fashioned.  I'm not convinced that they meant it in the first place, but I think they put the nicest materials on the walls. In addition, they should have made sure that everything that made them look old-fashioned was there in the room, as well as in the front desk.  I feel like West Coast hotels have horrible decor, especially since the rooms are super small.  It is sad to see that the entire lobby of the Indiana Institute has a bathroom that is tiny, and it is completely unnecessary.As far as I know, the two most important items were a coffee maker and a milk drink, but the essentials were there.  The room was clean, the bed was nice, and the view was excellent.  Of course, I should have checked out of that one, since the rest of the hotel is not that good.Overall, I would stay at the Chicago Hotel of all places, but the basic needs of a getaway downtown Chicago ride can be found here, or found online if you aren't familiar with the areas.
For a person that spends so much of her life living in and out of hotels, it is easy for me to say that this place is totally out of the ordinary. It is super conveneintly located to where I do most of my business when visiting Chicago and since I left, I keep thinking about how I cannot wait to come back and visit this hotel again. What really got me excited was the interior design and overall elegance that the entire place had.  I am looking forward to the next room I will get at the hotel--all of them are designed and decorated in unique ways with totally different decor. Plus the staff that helped me during my stay could not have been nicer or more thoughtful with basic things like directions.  The only downside to this hotel is that I wish I had known about it sooner!!! Years of coming to Chicago and staying in generic places that are not worth the money at all is a total letdown when you find places like Wheeler mansion that has so much personality and charm! If i was from around here, I would probably come take a look at this place from time to time just for the visual appeal and woodwork, hand carved and hand painted ceilings, stained glass ceiling, etc.  You will be blown away by the elegance and attention to detail that this hotel has as soon as you walk in.
For a person that spends so much of her life living in and out of hotels, it is easy for me to say that this place is totally out of the ordinary. It is super conveneintly located to where I do most of my business when visiting Chicago and since I left, I keep thinking about how I cannot wait to come back and visit this hotel again. What really got me excited was the interior design and overall elegance that the entire place had.  I am looking forward to the next room I will get at the hotel--all of them are designed and decorated in unique ways with totally different decor. Plus the staff that helped me during my stay could not have been nicer or more thoughtful with basic things like directions.  The only downside to this hotel is that I wish I had known about it sooner!!! Years of coming to Chicago and staying in generic places that are not worth the money at all is a total letdown when you find places like Wheeler mansion that has so much personality and charm! If i was from around here, I would probably come take a look at this place from time to time just for the visual appeal and woodwork, hand carved and hand painted ceilings, stained glass ceiling, etc.  You will be blown away by the elegance and attention to detail that this hotel has as soon as you walk in.
Pleased to say, I'm staying here for an event!! While I'm busy remodeling the entire building, I was wondering what will happen to the books so I decided to check in a few days ago to make my purchases! When I opened the house a few days ago, it was a blank page. When I first returned to the hotel, the front desk staff were the first to mention that someone had opened a room for me. I know, I get the feeling... that maybe I'm only a couple of miles away from an overnight spa, and the staff kept asking if I had upgraded to free drinks! It was mind blowing and yes, a little odd that the toilet door would be visible in the window and the staircase was slightly awkward to follow! Then when I opened it, the glass doors were completely absent. After a few minutes of inquiry, the front desk employee figured out that a person from that city needs to check in before leaving the room. She offered to charge me $29, after which I complied. Just then, the front desk lady came across the sign for "Restrooms Expedited" right next to
For a person that spends so much of her life living in and out of hotels, it is easy for me to say that this place is totally out of the ordinary. It is super conveneintly located to where I do most of my business when visiting Chicago and since I left, I keep thinking about how I cannot wait to come back and visit this hotel again. What really got me excited was the interior design and overall elegance that the entire place had.  I am looking forward to the next room I will get at the hotel--all of them are designed and decorated in unique ways with totally different decor. Plus the staff that helped me during my stay could not have been nicer or more thoughtful with basic things like directions.  The only downside to this hotel is that I wish I had known about it sooner!!! Years of coming to Chicago and staying in generic places that are not worth the money at all is a total letdown when you find places like Wheeler mansion that has so much personality and charm! If i was from around here, I would probably come take a look at this place from time to time just for the visual appeal and woodwork, hand carved and hand painted ceilings, stained glass ceiling, etc.  You will be blown away by the elegance and attention to detail that this hotel has as soon as you walk in.  The best thing about this hotel is that everyone will be treated fairly and the staff will go above and beyond to make sure everything is alright. If you are interested in spending a bit more time at Wheeler Mansion in the Loop, check out this excellent boutique!
I stayed here just this month because my main travel excursion was going south. The Temples is a stunning Chicago landmark with beautiful architectural details. I wanted to stay at this hotel for the renovated weekend following the renovation of the renovated Lake Michigan hotel which saw a new home for the city. The view from the Martin Luther King Square was incredible, a close call before the remodel. There were many different versions of the Cafe Grand, from the old palatial "Basement" to the chic, spruced up, luxe options. The comfort with which we stayed and other recommended service was outstanding.  We liked the dresser and the waitress at the bar, highly recommended Dr. Oliver, for the service. I absolutely recommend this hotel if you plan to stay here frequently and expect great returns.
For a person that spends so much of her life living in and out of hotels, it is easy for me to say that this place is totally out of the ordinary. It is super conveneintly located to where I do most of my business when visiting Chicago and since I left, I keep thinking about how I cannot wait to come back and visit this hotel again. What really got me excited was the interior design and overall elegance that the entire place had.  I am looking forward to the next room I will get at the hotel--all of them are designed and decorated in unique ways with totally different decor. Plus the staff that helped me during my stay could not have been nicer or more thoughtful with basic things like directions.  The only downside to this hotel is that I wish I had known about it sooner!!! Years of coming to Chicago and staying in generic places that are not worth the money at all is a total letdown when you find places like Wheeler mansion that has so much personality and charm! If i was from around here, I would probably come take a look at this place from time to time just for the visual appeal and woodwork, hand carved and hand painted ceilings, stained glass ceiling, etc.  You will be blown away by the elegance and attention to detail that this hotel has as soon as you walk in. If you are outside of Chicago and want a place to stay at a fun Chicago experience, I highly recommend The Wheeler Mansion!
I'm glad I took the event. This was an amazing thing to have on our trip. I really, really liked the restaurant and atmosphere. I also liked the location of the staff and the incredible location of the pool. There were only a few rooms on the menu but the service was outstanding. Our waitress was very helpful, but we had to pick up our bags of food. All the decor and amenities were equally great. On top of all the beautiful views, two restaurants were not in use (which was also a plus, because of how luxurious the building is). The U-beams across the street had large water wetsuits - there are many great ones that have the water so well made that you can even see a river outside. Don't forget to check the entrance to the stadium (these doors open at 4:00 pm). The restaurants were so good and quite impressive: I would definitely stay there again.
This is definitely the closest bar/house across town. The parking lot is super easy to find. We chose this location because it was actually within walking distance to the river on the Las Vegas River. Parking in the State line is right outside of the hotel. This place is in a prime location with a pretty large parking lot which is convenient and nice. Parking is easy. Rooms are comfortable, the decor is just right and the staff is just very friendly and helpful. Other than that, I wouldn't recommend visiting this place.
Not getting far at all from the standard pretty size bar.  No picture, people in the back, hung up when I tried to get a drink, people were rude and rude when I wanted a small one. The liquor cost $12.  This bar was $20.00  Which is still in use so the bartender was very helpful with trying to get a drink for me. Although the young lady in the front desk is awesome, the bar is not available for reservations yet so I guess we'll have to wait and see. Food included in service and what not. I'm sure I'll return and shop there again.
This is from my friend Erick Bieger: VISITORS BEWARE! My friends and I stayed at The Drake this past weekend when we came into town for the Notre Dame game. We woke up just before 1am to someone running out of our room after taking the cash from our wallets. The hotel was less than helpful and refused to take responsibility for not checking room keys after midnight which is their stated policy. They wouldn't even call the police for us and refused to check the video cameras until after the holiday weekend. It's sad - we stay there every week for opening game weekend but it looks like that tradition is over. Anyway - for anyone coming into town during the football season, call in the day, schedule and be ready for the travel cost of having your bags checked out by another hotel staff member. It will save you a lot of time, money and expense in the long run.  Before I go to bed I will do my impression of what is going on: 1. It seems like such a waste of time traveling to Michigan State. The only reason I stayed there the night before it started was because the ball game was on the 90 and everyone wanted to be at home as soon as possible. I have never stayed there before, so you cannot compare this option to having someone check all the rooms in the hotel while you are in town. We even called to take a cab in the morning, only to find that they were non existent. 2. This is a head-scratcher. When did the Hoosier Football schedule give us this far back and why is it this late in the year for travel? Really sad that we would be unable to even catch a Cubs game or Super Bowl with them until the previous week. If you wish to truly unders
WARNING -We stayed over a holiday weekend - the hotel was over run by "gang bangers" who literally were shouting, screaming, fighting in the hallways. People were falling down drunk in the halls. We stayed in our room literally fearing gunfire would erupt, I'm not making this up.  We will never go back to Hotel 71. Consider staying here for the excellent location and price IF, and only if,  you are staying midweek for business. There is little else to recommend this hotel. Boutique? This is a 36 floor tower with hundreds of rooms! There are few good things to say about Hotel 71 other then it's location, right on Wacker and close to everything including local transportation. Given that we spent little time at the hotel, it served our purposes. We booked a three night stay at appx. $130.00 a night and requested a top floor and river view, which was excellent.  The room was decorated but sparse - insufficient writing desk with poor lighting, no pad or pens provided, cheap do it yourself coffee service on desk. Nice settee and the king bed was comfy and clean, I inspected for signs of bedbugs and found none, thankfully, but always check any hotel room immediately. Blankets and pillows were slightly upscale. Bathroom was supplied with minimal soap and shampoo, and threadbare towels, barely meeting cheap motel standards. And your closet is in the bathroom!Hotel 71 has major problems.  First the lobby -- there is none. Think I'm kidding? - try finding a photo of the Hotel 71 lobby; well yes there is a smallish bare bones seating area in front of the front desk but that's it, frankly I've seen better lobbies at the cheapest Motel 6. This c
WARNING -We stayed over a holiday weekend - the hotel was over run by "gang bangers" who literally were shouting, screaming, fighting in the hallways. People were falling down drunk in the halls. We stayed in our room literally fearing gunfire would erupt, I'm not making this up.  We will never go back to Hotel 71. Consider staying here for the excellent location and price IF, and only if,  you are staying midweek for business. There is little else to recommend this hotel. Boutique? This is a 36 floor tower with hundreds of rooms! There are few good things to say about Hotel 71 other then it's location, right on Wacker and close to everything including local transportation. Given that we spent little time at the hotel, it served our purposes. We booked a three night stay at appx. $130.00 a night and requested a top floor and river view, which was excellent.  The room was decorated but sparse - insufficient writing desk with poor lighting, no pad or pens provided, cheap do it yourself coffee service on desk. Nice settee and the king bed was comfy and clean, I inspected for signs of bedbugs and found none, thankfully, but always check any hotel room immediately. Blankets and pillows were slightly upscale. Bathroom was supplied with minimal soap and shampoo, and threadbare towels, barely meeting cheap motel standards. And your closet is in the bathroom!Hotel 71 has major problems.  First the lobby -- there is none. Think I'm kidding? - try finding a photo of the Hotel 71 lobby; well yes there is a smallish bare bones seating area in front of the front desk but that's it, frankly I've seen better lobbies at the cheapest Motel 6. This c
WARNING -We stayed over a holiday weekend - the hotel was over run by "gang bangers" who literally were shouting, screaming, fighting in the hallways. People were falling down drunk in the halls. We stayed in our room literally fearing gunfire would erupt, I'm not making this up.  We will never go back to Hotel 71. Consider staying here for the excellent location and price IF, and only if,  you are staying midweek for business. There is little else to recommend this hotel. Boutique? This is a 36 floor tower with hundreds of rooms! There are few good things to say about Hotel 71 other then it's location, right on Wacker and close to everything including local transportation. Given that we spent little time at the hotel, it served our purposes. We booked a three night stay at appx. $130.00 a night and requested a top floor and river view, which was excellent.  The room was decorated but sparse - insufficient writing desk with poor lighting, no pad or pens provided, cheap do it yourself coffee service on desk. Nice settee and the king bed was comfy and clean, I inspected for signs of bedbugs and found none, thankfully, but always check any hotel room immediately. Blankets and pillows were slightly upscale. Bathroom was supplied with minimal soap and shampoo, and threadbare towels, barely meeting cheap motel standards. And your closet is in the bathroom!Hotel 71 has major problems.  First the lobby -- there is none. Think I'm kidding? - try finding a photo of the Hotel 71 lobby; well yes there is a smallish bare bones seating area in front of the front desk but that's it, frankly I've seen better lobbies at the cheapest Motel 6. This c
WARNING -We stayed over a holiday weekend - the hotel was over run by "gang bangers" who literally were shouting, screaming, fighting in the hallways. People were falling down drunk in the halls. We stayed in our room literally fearing gunfire would erupt, I'm not making this up.  We will never go back to Hotel 71. Consider staying here for the excellent location and price IF, and only if,  you are staying midweek for business. There is little else to recommend this hotel. Boutique? This is a 36 floor tower with hundreds of rooms! There are few good things to say about Hotel 71 other then it's location, right on Wacker and close to everything including local transportation. Given that we spent little time at the hotel, it served our purposes. We booked a three night stay at appx. $130.00 a night and requested a top floor and river view, which was excellent.  The room was decorated but sparse - insufficient writing desk with poor lighting, no pad or pens provided, cheap do it yourself coffee service on desk. Nice settee and the king bed was comfy and clean, I inspected for signs of bedbugs and found none, thankfully, but always check any hotel room immediately. Blankets and pillows were slightly upscale. Bathroom was supplied with minimal soap and shampoo, and threadbare towels, barely meeting cheap motel standards. And your closet is in the bathroom!Hotel 71 has major problems.  First the lobby -- there is none. Think I'm kidding? - try finding a photo of the Hotel 71 lobby; well yes there is a smallish bare bones seating area in front of the front desk but that's it, frankly I've seen better lobbies at the cheapest Motel 6. This c
Would highly recommend this hotel if you are looking to stay on a Friday or Saturday and aren't looking to spend a lot of time in the lobby.  That is the impression given by the staff there when they first opened up the doors to what is now the club suite.  These guys knew what they were doing and it is quite refreshing to hear them talking about the fantastic rooftop pool.  Having had the nice hotel breakfast in the halls the entire time, we had trouble avoiding the South Shore Plaza for some reason.  The lobby itself is chock full of nice hotel amenities.  A huge shopping and dining area offers a wide variety of restaurants and shopping options (or restaurants that aren't directly situated there).  Nearby bars and restaurants offer fine wine glasses (although not of course on this weekend!) and a variety of music in the lounge as well.  Just up the street, Lake Avenue and Rosedale Avenue are also busy and pleasant places to fish and chips.  If you are looking for something a little less physical, perhaps the Madison Avenue is where to stop.  Once you take the elevator to the north elevator and walk to the 32nd floor you are most likely in the location of a new ballroom, the latest bar, cafe, club etc.  But because the room was designed as a hotel suite in 1938 the windows were ironed and
Just moved to Chicago and this is a better deal. Room service. Great location. "If I had to describe what I feel about the hotel, I would be not so happy, as I would make this one of my  stay in such a poor location. In what it calls the best hotel in Chicago, the Right Place to Stay is with perfectionist executive suite, beautiful ballroom and plush flooring. The staff of staff is definitely experienced and unique. All of the rooms are made in-house and the staff love their work. There is the wonder of when people ask "what kind of coffee will I need, they are guaranteed to tell you "Great coffee, Great decor, Great staff." Chicago is not a city filled with petites. Once a year, a special guests arrive from other parts of the country that need a view of Chicago. Thank goodness that window is still open! We had a great time here!  The restaurant is nice and accommodating. We opted to stay with other Weiner sisters. We only had one issue with the service: The building itself. All of the windows within walking distance to the front desk. They also can be a bit distracting. You would think, they didn't like that the walls were rough to open. But no, the rest of the restaurant is so good and they are right there when I went in for
This hotel is a joke!  We paid $380 for a tiny, musty smelling broom closet with 1 mini bar of soap to share between the sink and shower and cheesy plastic cups.  The location is fabulous but there is no way anyone should stay here.  There are much nicer hotels in Chicago!For the rate, I paid $11 per night.  I was impressed with the speed of elevator downstairs.  Every second I got a tiny little phallic and flashing LED light in my room.  It was so loud and real bad.  I guess your average weekend person is either jealous or if they are just happy to get an apartment they love there.  Also, the location in Wrigley was better than any hotel I have ever stayed in.  The bathrooms are usually comfortable though the service is dated and not enjoyable.  There is a remodeling shop on the corner that makes cleaning your room very easy.Overall, I am going to stay here again if I don't like how the hotel has turned into a real estate nightmare.  Do not expect a wonderful experience.The Hotel Will Inadvertently Be Returning...I am using the Gold Coast Hotel program at Freehold and can only say no thanks for the great information they gave us. The website also provides a free map of every hotel on the Gold Coast that does NOT meet the travel/traveling recommendations in this report.The lobby is really old and the rooms are stained, so I do not think the house should be renovated.  If I don't do anything about it, the elevator is supposed to go in the lobby.  As a result, they reset the building every time I check in (which takes around 2 minutes).The rooms were locked.  I could have pulled out my phone and called some security.  I could have lo
This hotel is a joke!  We paid $380 for a tiny, musty smelling broom closet with 1 mini bar of soap to share between the sink and shower and cheesy plastic cups.  The location is fabulous but there is no way anyone should stay here.  There are much nicer hotels in Chicago! For an extended stay I would recommend http://www.kampel.com  Check out Pimping Miami.  A few weeks ago they had me on my way to Chicago to visit with my lovely son.  The hotel's features included trendy offices, cheap rooms, and pretty prices.  The package is gorgeous.  So stop by one of the old pizzeria places.
This hotel is a joke!  We paid $380 for a tiny, musty smelling broom closet with 1 mini bar of soap to share between the sink and shower and cheesy plastic cups.  The location is fabulous but there is no way anyone should stay here.  There are much nicer hotels in Chicago! I was afraid the hotel was horrible, but after years of working in catering services at esteemed hotels across the city it should be worse.  What a shame, this was our first stay, and the whole experience came out to be a complete disaster. If you truly value your privacy and don't want to call your girlfriend, stay at the hotel! The staff is very friendly, and the price is right. We were also taken to see one of our favorite movies (front row seat on a big screen).  The only thing that could've helped was seeing a movie with a classic George O'Bannon theme (The Green Mile, Gothenburg,...).  Love it!
Stayed at two of these tiny hotels for fun, but didn't come back. I would recommend anyone to stay at B&O. The service is fantastic. The bathrooms are small but comfortable. The rooms have a general feel to them and are great value for the money. The bathrooms are a great size and a nice, clean house view that offers a very unique view of Chicago. The staff is super friendly, they put you through a really hard job.The front desk is a cool guy, he just thinks everything is cool.The bathrooms have hardwood floors that might be needed for living somewhere. My only reservation was to go to the Wal-Mart and it cost $20,000 to have a room that had soap in the sink, but for what it's worth it's a great deal.Overall I would recommend B&O for anyone who wants an inexpensive hotel. The rooms are small, the rooms are nice and comfy. The amenities are really beyond what most hotels offer but there are definitely two things that the staff are looking for: a nice bed and a nice car.
I agree with all the complimentary things others have said and have special praise for Ken at the front desk.  That said, I'm disappointed by the noise factor here, which they didn't adequately address when doing the renovations.  Most of the rooms are RIGHT ON Broadway, a very busy, noisy street, requiring that you keep your windows always closed.  The problem is that the double-glazed windows are of a cheapish variety and not up to the task.  Couple that with the fact that I can hear every syllable of my neighbors on the other side of my bedroom wall and every clumping footstep of my overhead neighbors and it makes for an atmosphere that's not as relaxing as it should be or could have been with adequate sound insulation.  The bathrooms are indeed magnificent, but how about those things NOT seen?  The renovators missed a chance to make the place genuinely restful and that's a real shame.  When it comes to shopping, I'm sure that people will say that the girls out of bed, trying to pick off breakfast, aren't quite as thrilled about all the garish modern furniture.  We've both had our share of red sunsets and you know that during a business trip I usually wonder what a "bang for the buck" shopping experience is like for us.  So here I am with zero expectations.  Although I know this isn't always the case, Ken to Ken he deserves the credit and can't miss an opportunity to work with the added spirit he gives to all of us.  And the that kind of spirit is what I get out of my CVS, so I'm open to any suggestions that make my cityscape better.
We spent the morning over at The Icebergs - the lobby. I gave an excellent review...and still don't regret it. The hotel is very modern and has a long history in NYC. I think their decor is very unique (especially to the body). The rooms have a fine view of the NY River, which they add by the restaurant across from the building. The large window in the lobby (afterwards obscured by the Michigan) gives us some nice ambiance during the day, and once there we enjoyed a nice stroll around the Ballroom and read some other activities. The restaurant on the right was more luxurious and trendy than the other places, but the location (Dint Circle, Street View, Pool, and some swimming pool) is just fine, and
I agree with all the complimentary things others have said and have special praise for Ken at the front desk.  That said, I'm disappointed by the noise factor here, which they didn't adequately address when doing the renovations.  Most of the rooms are RIGHT ON Broadway, a very busy, noisy street, requiring that you keep your windows always closed.  The problem is that the double-glazed windows are of a cheapish variety and not up to the task.  Couple that with the fact that I can hear every syllable of my neighbors on the other side of my bedroom wall and every clumping footstep of my overhead neighbors and it makes for an atmosphere that's not as relaxing as it should be or could have been with adequate sound insulation.  The bathrooms are indeed magnificent, but how about those things NOT seen?  The renovators missed a chance to make the place genuinely restful and that's a real shame.  You can't get a better deal online than what you have to pay to get there.
I agree with all the complimentary things others have said and have special praise for Ken at the front desk.  That said, I'm disappointed by the noise factor here, which they didn't adequately address when doing the renovations.  Most of the rooms are RIGHT ON Broadway, a very busy, noisy street, requiring that you keep your windows always closed.  The problem is that the double-glazed windows are of a cheapish variety and not up to the task.  Couple that with the fact that I can hear every syllable of my neighbors on the other side of my bedroom wall and every clumping footstep of my overhead neighbors and it makes for an atmosphere that's not as relaxing as it should be or could have been with adequate sound insulation.  The bathrooms are indeed magnificent, but how about those things NOT seen?  The renovators missed a chance to make the place genuinely restful and that's a real shame.  This is a very nice place to stay and certainly will be doing more play in the future.
Very helpful staff on the front desk. Great location, great service. I have owned many hotel rooms in Chicago and this one even has a breakfast there! Huge list of discounts you can receive for any room you need.  Big bottle of water in the room which helps with sleeping. Very helpful and well thought out. The location is a great mile outside of the city. I needed to find an affordable space to stay and I ended up staying at the elegant and historic Dupont Plaza on the corner of Broadway and Michigan. Room service was fantastic - we had perfect service all night. The linens and mirrors are completely made from 99% UVA rip-off. The bed was very comfortable, great mattress, great taste and will definitely be re-buying again. I found a regular room at the hotel that had flat walls with chipped, dirty carpet and a large hole in the floor. I can't wait to stay back in Chicago next year!
I agree with all the complimentary things others have said and have special praise for Ken at the front desk.  That said, I'm disappointed by the noise factor here, which they didn't adequately address when doing the renovations.  Most of the rooms are RIGHT ON Broadway, a very busy, noisy street, requiring that you keep your windows always closed.  The problem is that the double-glazed windows are of a cheapish variety and not up to the task.  Couple that with the fact that I can hear every syllable of my neighbors on the other side of my bedroom wall and every clumping footstep of my overhead neighbors and it makes for an atmosphere that's not as relaxing as it should be or could have been with adequate sound insulation.  The bathrooms are indeed magnificent, but how about those things NOT seen?  The renovators missed a chance to make the place genuinely restful and that's a real shame.
Beautiful place, lovely room.  I am very sensitive to noise, and had none.  I thought the staff, if busy, very busy, were very helpful and very nice.   It took a while to check in, with two people constantly answering the phone rather than checking people in.  Took a while to get my luggage.   But I would highly recommend this place.  NOT your cookie cutter hotel room, European look and feel.
Had trouble ordering from this hotel, as the service was awful. Couldn't get room service, or even basic hotel amenities. Sorry guys, there's that one again.  Breakfast time is 4-6pm and I'm an hour late to check in.First of all, we were very drunk and rude at breakfast.  I really didn't expect that kind of treatment from such a safe hotel and the clerk was quite polite.  I wish we had a policy with doors wide open, which, in this case, was an understandable excuse, given the circumstances. When I checked in, it was less than an hour late (sorry, that sounds lame but hey, the paper transfer went fine). The room was actually moved for "security reasons", yet we all felt like it was a secret.  We ended up moving twice a day for the next 3 nights in a row, which for some reason was the most time we had to spend in that room. (I know, we can't talk about hotels that don't have security....)This is a terrible place to stay on the 13th floor.  It's a pretty pricey room for the price, it looks like a fabled hotel or a nice establishment, but we didn't even get a shower!The locker  set us on a weird/stupid front during the night.  The size of the floor chipped away at us.  I'll try to make this story up: 1) The locker was uninstalled, it just turned on.  When we went back to sleep, the locker would not unlock. The ceiling fan in the room was constantly blowing fan.  At one point, all our fresh air from the stove was trapped between the noise of the power and fan.  Our exercise room ended up at the edge of a building so I never got to look through the window. 2) The elevator really failed.  We were transferred to the first floor elevator.
Beautiful place, lovely room.  I am very sensitive to noise, and had none.  I thought the staff, if busy, very busy, were very helpful and very nice.   It took a while to check in, with two people constantly answering the phone rather than checking people in.  Took a while to get my luggage.   But I would highly recommend this place.  NOT your cookie cutter hotel room, European look and feel.
Love it. Place for 2 nights, amazing view of Chicago Ave & the river. Copley.  Good coffee room. Don't forget the Omni parlor.
Hurry!We loved the hotel and the staff were outstanding! Upon arrival, our cousin gave us a complimentary coffee. We were able to keep our drinks, but we're unsure about which one it is. We thought we were staying at a "50 club" at the front desk.  We checked out later than we thought and had to turn around. Our next stop was the Marriott Mill Avenue bar. Two doors down from the hotel we found a room completely unoccupied, but we couldn't refuse. The rooftop was incredibly bright and we could feel the wind and breeze. The chef was fine, friendly, and even asked a couple of questions about our food, for us to get their version of the steak.  Then, we began to think we would find another hotel in the neighborhood. Again, of course, we couldn't refuse. This time, we went to the previous location we had requested, as soon as we returned with the same problem, along with our rental car and plenty of other paper deal recommendations, which included shopping in a few shopping malls for special items. For that reason alone, we wish there was some extra party on the rooftop, and our trip to the Hilton Omni reminds us a bit of those miserable old, brown, oversized bikinis. Staff included Super of Us, Maggie, Eric and friends to the party, along with manager and emcee Sara. No complaints here. Had we stayed at the Millennium Hotel, we'd probably been in over a hundred kids drinking off of the Grand Ave fountain! They have a run-down, wall-to-wall view of historic downtown, which reflects our memories of the real thing, and the fan service
Beautiful place, lovely room.  I am very sensitive to noise, and had none.  I thought the staff, if busy, very busy, were very helpful and very nice.   It took a while to check in, with two people constantly answering the phone rather than checking people in.  Took a while to get my luggage.   But I would highly recommend this place.  NOT your cookie cutter hotel room, European look and feel.
Beautiful place, lovely room.  I am very sensitive to noise, and had none.  I thought the staff, if busy, very busy, were very helpful and very nice.   It took a while to check in, with two people constantly answering the phone rather than checking people in.  Took a while to get my luggage.   But I would highly recommend this place.  NOT your cookie cutter hotel room, European look and feel.   What I can say is, stay here.
What a waste of money. This hotel provides so much in value to the public. Most couples don't really have the luxury of having a bathroom in their apartment or the location where a larger bathtub can be installed in their living room. The bathrooms in the w's are tiny and the ambiance is mediocre at best. The beds are pretty thin so you can barely see your reflection and you don't even have a point to grab a hot tub in your house. I could rate somewhere between $350-450, but the hotel is somewhere between $40-50 per night to put that luxury away for the day. I'm not an experienced Hyatt hotel fan and we didn't get the hotel's Wi-Fi on the room clock at the front desk. Don't stay here.  You'll find yourself checking out a The Mill at Park Avenue and the city skyline.
Nice Hotel  does not run a 'freebie' business, but it does offer free wedding planning and wedding planning services on their site and may even offer some planning services that are not part of their 'Freebie' program. When considering pricing for their wedding planning services and location, however, we would rate the hotel 3 stars because they do not offer the wedding planning services.  Even those services they provide might not be crucial to your wedding planning needs, as with most Freebie locations.  This does not make them a "freebie" location, but they are a trendy, non-smoking, peeling suburb where you will find lots of business class restaurants, bars and even restaurants that might not be open at a good rate.  Hotel planners need to make sure that everything you see is within easy walking distance of hotels, and that is the point I would hope to make here.  I am actually very impressed with the staff at Coney Island Music, and the lovely women who work there. They will make any suggestions you may have and no complaints about the hotel, even if I recommend other locations. Although the guests at Coney Island Music may not seem like much, and do not seem to appreciate having their views and wedding photos taken with their iPhones, it was not my place to look them up.  Seriously, all the complimentary drinks and snacks they provide and the complimentary wedding presents are great.
I checked into R3/44 for my first weekend and have been staying here a couple nights since. The building isn't such a joke! There's the fine dining area with plenty of places to buy food (and drink in. I wish I would've stayed here once I was done in Chicago! I could only eat an option for $15 a night.) All valet parking is on my street, and staff is extremely friendly. I paid a bit extra for a room, and it was nice and comfortable. They even have a corner bathroom downstairs which really wasn't important for me. But there are a few things to make sure you've got the right size room and the right bath/ shower. We had a lovely 30 minute walk from the hotel and after checking in at 11:30 pm the next morning we went up to breakfast and quickly became famier. Would highly recommend to all of my friends who stay here and stay here for weekend and I look forward to returning soon!!
love it here. the staff here is phenomenal, highly recommend! this is the 2nd time i stayed at a boutique hotel - OMG!! for the difference. we are accomodating 1 room on the second floor - 2 front desk's out, they place a fresh picture of me in it, all up front staff smile while I do my "torched and dirty" work, snacks in the dining room, free wifi in the room to ensure I am farmed out (got my weekly prmanpino? got a new new pair of jeans), and pool table to accommodate huge full glass containers of water! (last resort? grilling waste into fish, fishy fish?) no question one said hello.
The hotel came with a complete suite, standard beige room. This is the norm for the magnificent and beautiful Millennium Tower Hotel in Chicago. I used the beds, pillows and sutures and we made wonderful coffee with the other guests. It is like every night we stayed there we found ourselves staring at a wall with our heads on the ceiling. The night we left we left saying goodbye to our girlfriend, and there were a lot of horror stories from the hotel rooms.. I am writing this review to share with you the comfort, security, carefree feeling we have enjoyed ourselves. The staff were friendly, courteous, and unpretentious. I expected high quality stuff, but all they could get us was a drink (cheesecake was $1.50) and no points in their prize. Couldn't stop from enjoying the rest of our stay. Highly recommended.
Not sure why so many of us stayed here, but here is a long story that should help explain why...it is so cheap (which I shall write about in a separate post)......it is the location...the chicago showroom just blocks from the hotel. The price is quite reasonable, but the service really is not surprising. The closest airport I've stayed in in the past five years is J.P Alexander Place in Chicago. Everything there is overkill. Very inconsistent view, small window, narrow hallway, and headwinds (you see a red egg sandwich upon your taxi ride).
I was disappointed in this hotel until this review was completed. The general experience of the business unit was that of a rehab center. With such high costs and so little on hand to help you budget your stay (not to mention the inconveniences that come with needing your room service on time), I certainly felt like the Hotel was missing out on something. The rooms are of high standard but would give the hotel 5 stars (I felt more comfortable with the Grand Hyatt hotel). However, this was a terrible mistake. The rooms were just too small and the beds (and lighting system) were too shallow to use, and the guest room was super cramped and uncomfortable to sleep in. As the next room was being replaced shortly, the room I stayed at was getting worse and the bed felt a little out of place, just like the one I was in a game of poker before going to bed.  If I had stayed on the Lower East Side or somewhere else (even though I was usually
My recent stay far exceeded my expectations. From the moment I arrived the stff went out of their way to make my stay as pleasant as possible. My room was upgraded (no additional charge) due to overbooking.My room had a fantastic view of the Lake. The bed was so comfortable, I felt like I was sleeping on a cloud. Also, the location was perfect for my stay, as I was able to walk to most of my appointments. I will certainly stay here the next time I'm in Chicago.
My recent stay far exceeded my expectations. From the moment I arrived the stff went out of their way to make my stay as pleasant as possible. My room was upgraded (no additional charge) due to overbooking.My room had a fantastic view of the Lake. The bed was so comfortable, I felt like I was sleeping on a cloud. Also, the location was perfect for my stay, as I was able to walk to most of my appointments. I will certainly stay here the next time I'm in Chicago.
The last hotel I have booked is 2 star in Chicago. This is a terrible hotel that was once a great city before it became a trendy tourist destination.  The rooms are either made by the older family who still use modern fancy machines, or they look like a 10th century castle with stone walls.   The bathroom is tiny and the setting is only slightly outdated, not to mention the glass floors are large and my fists are almost always smashed.  To top it all off I was told they would only stay once a year and if you booked earlier they will not be coming for you.I left through Elko Avenue because of an aftermarket bag of potatoes from back in town.  I got a new pair on January 18th and this was the first time I've been to the Goodwill.  The clothing was $45-60 and the price seemed reasonable.  The hotel is very stylish with beautiful design, a nice big concierge, and the entire hotel itself is not that expensive.If you need to
My recent stay far exceeded my expectations. From the moment I arrived the stff went out of their way to make my stay as pleasant as possible. My room was upgraded (no additional charge) due to overbooking.My room had a fantastic view of the Lake. The bed was so comfortable, I felt like I was sleeping on a cloud. Also, the location was perfect for my stay, as I was able to walk to most of my appointments. I will certainly stay here the next time I'm in Chicago.
This is the only hotel on my list.  The Internet is slow and the staff are irritating.  It has room service so that the drive to your hotel does not come much sooner.  Besides the $44 per night upgrade to the Tech Suite (which is going to be the cheapest hotel I will ever be staying at), this hotel also has food, in a simple and convenient, "clean" way.  It may be my favorite part of the Chicago shopping trip--the room service, too, with its attention to detail.
We were very impressed with our overall experience.  For some reason, every other hotel we had booked had mixed reviews. This may be a reflection of the large number of hotels within walking distance of each other: a hotel that has people begging to sleep at the pool; an aria with no elevator; a tiny bar/rotto restaurant; and this, perhaps, is a reflection of the concierge culture at the hostel.  The Parking meter is a few blocks away.  It's a nice convenience, but I'm sure the headliner would know what they are doing: playing at least one game of Star Wars in a row.  It was really disappointing that nobody in our group was sure whether they saw or heard us hear our complaints.  They can't get their Facebook friends to make comments because they lack email addresses.  I actually spoke with a couple hotel managers about it, and they have either forgotten about it or feel
My recent stay far exceeded my expectations. From the moment I arrived the stff went out of their way to make my stay as pleasant as possible. My room was upgraded (no additional charge) due to overbooking.My room had a fantastic view of the Lake. The bed was so comfortable, I felt like I was sleeping on a cloud. Also, the location was perfect for my stay, as I was able to walk to most of my appointments. I will certainly stay here the next time I'm in Chicago.
I've stayed here all the time, and the walls, tiled walls, and stairwells are amazing. We finally got the suite that I had been looking for. Just turned the bathroom off and didn't notice that anyone else was at the room I used. The room I chose was very tiny compared to what I needed and didn't have a desk drawer or drawer at all. The smoke alarm made it go off. If anyone needed help with getting their smoke out, our site customer service could be helpful. I will definitely stay here again!
Pros: 4 stars (room names were already hard to find, credit card, etc.). Bad construction  $70,000 in room management fees. Chicago is not the cheapest place to stay in America. Chicago is a no frills zone (good neighborhood, no glamorous restaurants) and our room management fees amount to a fraction of what other hotels charge. We ate dinner in one of the main rooms and enjoyed watching bars and restaurants run-off. The front desk is terrible and, one night, they talked smack about the pain of being verbally harassed (there's a door down the hall, a small lady sitting on the floor with her boyfriend in his bed saying "no, no" at the front desk, a MAN in the lobby with the same top case that day). Front desk staff who were no pushovers are extremely rude, horrible, and disrespectful. Front desk staff should be running about down the hall as soon as possible. Bed is super cold on paper and stuck on TV. Extremely uncomfortable. Hot tub, enormous, asinine concrete pool. (We took it out of the hallway and shoved a
If I could I would give this place 10 stars.  One word---AWESOME!!!!Absolutely no complaints.  The best of the best I've experienced!!  Some of their fine points:Great customer service, courteous staff, clean, oversized large and luxurious bath towels, bed was more comfortable than at home, house car available for taxi service to local areas.This place does not cut any corners.  Very friendly, useful customers!Good old fashioned coffee maker and microwave.  FACTORY hot coffee maker available on the front desk.Love this place  And don't miss my wonderful others!!!!!!!!
If I could I would give this place 10 stars.  One word---AWESOME!!!!Absolutely no complaints.  The best of the best I've experienced!!  Some of their fine points:Great customer service, courteous staff, clean, oversized large and luxurious bath towels, bed was more comfortable than at home, house car available for taxi service to local areas.This place does not cut any corners.  Oh and the hotel does not even hold on to your phone!  It takes about 45 minutes to get to the front desk, the front desk attendant in the door can't open your book, you have to hold on to your computer keys...wow, this is a once a year event!  Needless to say, after walking around in that hotel one day, there was nothing but confusion, all the staff in charge of it was terrified at the thought of their apartment being booked for a third time and there was no way to stop it at all.If you are coming to Toronto for a weekend after work I would suggest coming to this place....it is a must and it deserves it!I came for a quick bridal shower...it was totally clean and the only crowd was of 50 people I think.i saw this place on yelp.com only 2 or 3 years ago. the hotel had such beautiful views. can't recommend this hotel enough!
I enjoyed my stay in the Lees Marais when it was located in downtown Chicago. I spent the summer at the old Elbe Mansion and it is such a beautiful place to see the concert. The staff was friendly and would try and meet your needs during the day. If you have an appointment with a barber, service manager, or decorator, you will have to reserve some time for that. All the food was fresh, flavorful and fresh as well as excellent prices on prices that other bars don't charge for the same kinds of drinks. If you want an early, comfortable stay, I recommend the First Floor lobby. With the 1 hr elevator service, you can stand from the top of the lobby to the drop down. The lobby itself has a very nice look to it. If you're planning a stay here, make sure you know where to take the train to or the train to Lakeside, and then use the elevator. The French Hotel needs more room, and hotels need more rooms. I highly recommend staying at the Chateau Palace.
Nothing has changed here in years. This place is only good if you have to roll out of bed and go to McCormick Place.Its old and needs a total gut and remake.My room, Bathroom faucet handle broke, Leather lounge chair, has leather missing. Mirror in the room was tarnished all around, they gave me a room that had a shower n it. It had a floor that was 2 feet wide and then had a hill. So one foot was at one level then the other was on a stainless steel plate. VERY SLIPPERY WHEN WET. NO FREE INTERNET and $3.00 for a bottle of Aqua fina water.. PLEASE DO NOT STAY HERE. Anyplace that has a free internet connection the business of Bell Tower Spa and SoHo will be next.We tried this motel in 1995, I checked out only by car. I have worked in Sears, SoHo and Litz line in Chicago.Pretty much every hotel I've been to has been the best hotel in the country. My room was nice, clean and the bar staff was friendly and pleasant. Also my place has lots of money.
Bore there. These were cute places. Sure did get me there but if it weren't for all the other nice city attractions (which wasn't it as far as the food was concerned), I wouldn't book them again.
We had been at the overall Doubletree Hotel for 10+ years and we were getting ready for another midnight walk.  Now we were taking off our night shoes, hair and flowers and exploring the city.  Now, when we walk down North Avenue, people usually say, "Here, you've got the map and the wading pool" and I usually agree.  Every time I got to the hotel we complained about the directions and, after seeing some really bright, busy downtown neighborhoods, we gave up.  It wasn't until we finally got there where it became clear that the overall group was the worst headache we had been through.  Everything was in terrible shape and we were very pissed because they could hear us yelling as we were walking down North, to nobody's chagrin (non-us).  The room was filthy with people sitting on towels and tables, old and patched even by our third floor hotel windows.  The hallway wasn't bad, but it would be nice to have some space for a bit of exercise.
Nothing has changed here in years. This place is only good if you have to roll out of bed and go to McCormick Place.Its old and needs a total gut and remake.My room, Bathroom faucet handle broke, Leather lounge chair, has leather missing. Mirror in the room was tarnished all around, they gave me a room that had a shower n it. It had a floor that was 2 feet wide and then had a hill. So one foot was at one level then the other was on a stainless steel plate. VERY SLIPPERY WHEN WET. NO FREE INTERNET and $3.00 for a bottle of Aqua fina water.. You paid a whole lot more for the hotel just to reach it!The weather was awful last night. I did not stay here to escape some boring winter shower but rather because the price was fantastic.If you were looking for something to do here....stay here!
Nothing has changed here in years. This place is only good if you have to roll out of bed and go to McCormick Place.Its old and needs a total gut and remake.My room, Bathroom faucet handle broke, Leather lounge chair, has leather missing. Mirror in the room was tarnished all around, they gave me a room that had a shower n it. It had a floor that was 2 feet wide and then had a hill. So one foot was at one level then the other was on a stainless steel plate. VERY SLIPPERY WHEN WET. NO FREE INTERNET and $3.00 for a bottle of Aqua fina water.. Ummmm..This place is confusing for me, walking thru the front desk was really disruptive. I have a horrible connection with Netflix/Yahoo/AT&T to work or when I work. Room service was terrible. I went there a few days before I went for the subway and the service was a little better than expected. If I hadn't stayed there, I guess I would have gotten raped.Overall, my room was OK, but I wanted something else. I'll definitely come back.
I'm only sharing this place because it is a very good hotel in Chicago. It is well connected to downtown, family friendly, and has been great for many years. I would rate it again.
If you are just looking for a great comfy night's stay, this is the place to be. The conference room itself was tiny, and there were small loose pieces sticking out of the crack in the door. The massage parlour's website does not mention this, but it was only in the exact near future that these games of rating games were available.The Best Comfort Rooms in the world, Comfort Room: The New World Mart... Good Price: $1,400 per night; Priced on site: $165 per day. Location: 2814 S Alinea Avenue. Traveling out of town: $7. $30 for 2 nights! 5-star hotel value:...Very short walk to Wacker Park. Even better.  45 min walk from I-94: The Travelodge. Another long wait. Eastbound I-95 connects to West inbound. Holiday shopping during the week, Holiday Business Show to get your business end-of-season tickets to around 10 p.m. Weekend arrivals was never offered because of Superi night.
The attendants are very rude they talk to you in english then started speaking another lagguge The lady attendant was rude. She also lied. It was bad. She then let them know the room was a hallway and that only the basic rooms would be closed. The hotel concierge even said the management was terrible in every room. Every floor was terrible. The hotel has 5 elevators but they don't have safe elevators. From the driver on down, I couldn't help but think "those stupid cabs just love to run the hell up there". From that moment on I stayed at a luxurious stay. To say I didn't fall in love with it would be a big understatement. The staff is loud, busy and extremely warm. They try to keep you calm and we had no problem. Our room was also very clean. First up, it was a great value. I highly recommend the Lakeside Spa!! Next up on my travel bucket list is the Bar Room and breakfast buffet.  Those two must really be the super favorite.
The attendants are very rude they talk to you in english then started speaking another lagguge The lady attendant was rude and saying that she could take us to the bathroom and that our package was lying next to the sink so we checked and she said "I heard you already have your packages checked". (13th street) I'm currently in the 8th floor bathroom when we see people making drinks in the hallway. Just to make my point, I may have taken this down a bit. (I think that means we should check in more often - early mornings vs. late afternoon) Who is this girl with my cellphone peeking out of my room window? How can someone try and excuse my location? The lobby, lobby, part of the lobby, in front of the garage and tv's is full of drunkards standing around! If they are paying in full for the view of their money, then why should they ever use the elevator when people in their line of sight make deals that will result in a bill higher than the actual customer demand. (14th floor)  If I look at the photos on facebook, it would have to be a crime for me to see someone living downtown for an hour while under constant foot traffic. If they were staying at another location, they would be in a different location, which would make no sense. No one cares about parking (unless you drive by it everyday). You need to pay back the full price if you want to get a ride to work.  They will lock you out and pay less if they don't let you. Can you imagine the magnitude of this problem if I complained to all the city club managers for over 90 minutes. They just walked in the door and said, "What the hell do you think we have here?" and followed us all day.
My girlfriend and I stayed at Dana Hotel. The idea of visiting Dana was simple. We planned our stay in the Grand Ballroom. There were lots of parking available and we were promised free parking around here. We went right in. The hotel is big with double beds, one was small and the other a huge room. I was impressed. We spent all day at each floor and the rooms were all clean. This was by far my favorite hotel experience of my stay. We chose a nightclub in the 5 block area downtown. We liked the hotel but there were still some important things to consider in downtown..First up, the parking! The parking was cheaper than at any other hotel. Everyone had charge bags and a board with the free parking. Parking was just about 1 min. Just about all of the rooms had comfortable chairs, even our own. We could see the city many times a night. How cool is that? Did we mention that the owner was truly super nice?? We also found a bottle opener in every room which we used to change wine to wine. Lovely!! A friend was only staying the night of the convention. The wait staff was truly friendly and friendly. I couldn't believe it. And, yes, we needed a cab at the John Hancock! The room stayed on the 5th floor! Although the breakfast in the apartment room was very nice, we definitely needed some rest after 5 pm. Love our downtown location!
We liked the lounge.  I got a young woman from NYC to be a guest here. She was friendly, took us to the Wacker Park w/Bears, and really impressed me.  The wallpaper was fine.  The shampoo was working as expected and working great! We will definitely stay here again when I head out for some more spa and fitness activities!
Artibana is best Western Chicago hotel on the South Lake, after F4!  Found a modern luxury bed through a friend who is really good at doing his job.  Next to Wacker Park, in the Wacker Peninsula, looks fantastic with every conceivable hotel and hotel service (Katy, Hilton).  The high quality of the rooms is amazing and the rooms are rugspun...maybe you've seen them in other hotels??? If you are looking for the highest hotel feel free to take your time shopping.  The rooms look awesome in all rooms, and the choice you get from a boutique hotel and bargain car is fantastic. I had a really nice time at the Four Seasons by watching Zeds - it was fantastic! Also, I loved the all of the sound systems, hotel staff, drinker,  fitness center staff. If you need a great place to stay stay in the suburbs. I would definitely be staying there again!
Was there any great wedding in Chicago for a bride and groom in this year's JWT? My husband was, happily, staying at an elegant Chicago hotel a few weeks back. The reception was beautiful and the wonderful spa and spa and they opened it up to the public! My wedding reception room was on Broadway in the lobby which was filled with guests of all levels from mid-level dressers to barbeque snobs to up-and-coming queens. I ended up staying there many times in the spring and had nothing but great friends there.  The decor was fabulous and we were totally sated!  The staff was incredible! The location is great but not as fancy.
Just figured it out the other day: I have been staying at Hotwire House and this is an outdoor version of the Art Institute Hotel, definitely not a big building with lots of rooms. There are three levels of rooms, with master beds, bathrobes, hallways, and floors of outdoor art. The hotel is great, but not great. When checking out, they offer a desk for $350.00 to the first room & a suite for $500.00 to the second and final room for $500.00. The room was well serviceable, and we could see things that were not being considered during our stay. The first room was much better than the second, but we were OK with it. The "rest" room had a gym but they didn't seem to have enough chairs to take your form while you were using them (you just had to use your fists to stand on the ground) or touch your breasts with your wrist on the floor. The service rating on the second floor also failed me. So, I would
Can't beat the location of this Hotel.  Our room was very spacious (King) and had a great view of N Michicgan Avenue, the Water Tower, etc.  We did happen to score a room on the 22nd floor.  I don't know how anyone else encountered issues with this hotel, from the other reviews.  The flat screen TV had Cable TV (of course, if you know how to work a remote, it was very easy to navigate through the menu and screen and cable channels.  It was a holiday weekend, a fully booked hotel, and a very large wedding party was staying at the hotel. No issues with chekc-in, service, front desk or TV. Staff was respectful and helpful when needed.   Checking bags after check-out and the car valet service were each very convenient.  I recommend this hotel to anyone looking to spend some time on the Magnificent Mile.  Only gripe:  no complimentary WiFi service in the hotel rooms.
Over there.  Bored?  When they paid for an office suite?!  Just not...The queenly arrogance.  When we sat in front of this handsome gold courtyard it all went back to the roomies who had worked there.  It was like the painter was asleep in the room.  Oh the worst of all, the location was weird.  This is where my brother took my belongings...that's the most atrocious hotel bathroom design in Chicago, probably the best i have ever seen in a hotel.  At least they didn't spray paint me, since I was always dirty.  Hard to work a day in the entire city.  Didn't spend a lot of money.  The place doesn't seem to do much with chicago culture or anything.<|endoftext|>
Can't beat the location of this Hotel.  Our room was very spacious (King) and had a great view of N Michicgan Avenue, the Water Tower, etc.  We did happen to score a room on the 22nd floor.  I don't know how anyone else encountered issues with this hotel, from the other reviews.  The flat screen TV had Cable TV (of course, if you know how to work a remote, it was very easy to navigate through the menu and screen and cable channels.  It was a holiday weekend, a fully booked hotel, and a very large wedding party was staying at the hotel. No issues with chekc-in, service, front desk or TV. Staff was respectful and helpful when needed.   Checking bags after check-out and the car valet service were each very convenient.  I recommend this hotel to anyone looking to spend some time on the Magnificent Mile.  Only gripe:  no complimentary WiFi service in the hotel rooms.  It is out of town and much less convenient than the other sites listed.
We went to the Theatre Hotel at age 13 and so we have been watching the pros during our stay. The Prices are reasonable (though not so high). The hotel has great views of the city, save time and exercise. The River provides excellent views. We love the views, so we always call the front desk to pick up a water bottle if it's in the Water Tower. Our flight from Chicago to Chicago via Chicago Bucks would be about $70 per day. However, this hotel doesn't offer a room rate that you'll be able to justify a room on the non-dayly rate of $38/night. The view in the parking lot is absolutely magnificent. Of course, with hotel fees you don't get the unlimited suite. So if you are heading for the Crown Plaza Mall, be patient and stay in a hotel that truly serves its guests.
Can't beat the location of this Hotel.  Our room was very spacious (King) and had a great view of N Michicgan Avenue, the Water Tower, etc.  We did happen to score a room on the 22nd floor.  I don't know how anyone else encountered issues with this hotel, from the other reviews.  The flat screen TV had Cable TV (of course, if you know how to work a remote, it was very easy to navigate through the menu and screen and cable channels.  It was a holiday weekend, a fully booked hotel, and a very large wedding party was staying at the hotel. No issues with chekc-in, service, front desk or TV. Staff was respectful and helpful when needed.   Checking bags after check-out and the car valet service were each very convenient.  I recommend this hotel to anyone looking to spend some time on the Magnificent Mile.  Only gripe:  no complimentary WiFi service in the hotel rooms.
WOW!  They have the City of Chicago view!  We stopped by the Hotel and the view of the South Loop! The city is a great place to stay but I wouldn't rate this hotel over the York & Chicago!   Parking is great but parking is $20-$28 per mile.  The hotel is fairly modern but there's no Starbucks, opt for the (very good) Barbeque.  It doesn't seem to have Laundromat, so you get a credit card if you pay the whole charge.  The free shuttle to the River North airport is another plus.  The restaurant is $7, however the Dollywood is $13.  The place is very trendy and overpriced, and the staff just rock the system!
Had a weird spot in the  Lounge and also went to the Boardwalk Room at O'Hare for breakfast. The furniture was horrible, the ice cream machine was slow-...no beer or juices. I must admit that I forgot to cover my daughter's neck in what I thought was ice cream and water while my daughter was getting into bed.  Couldn't have been nicer. My daughter and
Can't beat the location of this Hotel.  Our room was very spacious (King) and had a great view of N Michicgan Avenue, the Water Tower, etc.  We did happen to score a room on the 22nd floor.  I don't know how anyone else encountered issues with this hotel, from the other reviews.  The flat screen TV had Cable TV (of course, if you know how to work a remote, it was very easy to navigate through the menu and screen and cable channels.  It was a holiday weekend, a fully booked hotel, and a very large wedding party was staying at the hotel. No issues with chekc-in, service, front desk or TV. Staff was respectful and helpful when needed.   Checking bags after check-out and the car valet service were each very convenient.  I recommend this hotel to anyone looking to spend some time on the Magnificent Mile.  Only gripe:  no complimentary WiFi service in the hotel rooms.  The club room we booked was okay for the price.I can't recommend this hotel enough.Overall, it was a good experience.  Not to mention clean, welcoming, and clean service.  The rooms were nice and the bathroom was clean and simple and helpful.  And finally, if you're a coffee-tea-tender type, this is your room for you.
Excellent place to relax in Chicago  perfect breakfast and toast, refreshing chocolates, and we were in the Suites lobby a couple nights ago. At first glance the staff seemed nice and cheerful but then, after seeing so many positive things about the hotel stay, we decided to use a map to see the location.  There was no such thing as a distance from the hotel, but we were simply inspired by the proximity to McCormick Place from each side.  The city offers interesting/serene attractions and destinations while downtown Chicago provides many sights such as the Chicago River and the Lake Michigan.  There are lots of restaurants, bars, shopping, stores, and coffee shops throughout the city.  The old signage in every hallway and room downtown, whether it's asking to take one away or ask to pass it on to someone next door, and upon entering a room, it's a rude and nondescript brick facade.  Downtown Chicago is definitely a good choice as well.
A nice little joint building in the heart of downtown, not fancy, nothing to compare it with except basic amenities. The rooms are very nice, clean, and comfortable. Great for movies, getting drunk in the area, and hanging out. They're also well known for the numerous Halloween shows.  They even have a small off street parking lot, conveniently located just south of Wacker Drive, to park there.
Love Chicago Hotel in Chicago!  We've been staying at least 2+ years and we've never felt like staying outside of town.  Everyone we've seen has been extremely friendly, and very comfortable.  There's nothing bad about this hotel other than the reception area and, in short, it's clean and comfortable.  The bed was nice, comfortable, and was easy on the shoulders.  When traveling we opted for the Holiday Inn of Excellence and didn't look anywhere else.  If you're into shopping in Chicago and want to get the Holiday Inn of Excellence, stay here.
Nice and simple hotel. I didn't think anything of staying here as a cheap hotel.  Had my own room on the concourse.  No frills. Nothing to complain about. Great location to eat at.
First time using this hotel I had problems with valet service. I checked out, but noticed a couple things.  I could clearly hear the room was very loud, the light switch on the side door was in the bathroom in the wee hours, the clock itself was quite dim in the lobby, you had to pass the front desk to get into and out of the room, and in the lobby a huge plastic disk paper was placed on the phone! When I got to the hotel I noticed the electricity was off.  It seems that the TV channel still is "off" by the time I got there. I must report this to either of the other rooms who are not equipped with back up equipment or travel agents!! The hotel staff constantly seems very rude. I don't even know why they do this. Other than that, I would stay here again for a couple more nights!! I really do not recommend this hotel to anyone!
I've been staying here ever since I joined the local staff in 2008 and I've never had an experience with higher priced hotels. They know business and they're very nice. I saw a shuttle bus and, when I opened it, they gave me a gift from the guest service officer that took me to my room. The room was chunky and the people who arrived later that day were nice.   The elevators also held up fine. The restaurant that was near the front desk was ok, but it wasn't popular.  It was too expensive to stay at another city's nightclub, but let's just say I'd rather stay in Chicago.
It is an experience in and of itself - have not stayed here before. Would definitely return.  But first check in about 10 minutes after getting there. I was excited to meet the new looking bar next to the Music Room by the pool and the other people in the dining area. I checked in with all my dave friends at 7:00 am.  I was told that there was a draw down bar and an open bar (The music was great).  I informed them that the security doesn't have a cell service connection so the security said "it will be made from scratch" - something to keep in mind if I am looking to stay next to a club or other establishments.  Well, no use arguing with that, as it had nothing to do with the location.  Other than walking around to the hotel and a small number of folks on the bar menu arguing with their looks and work attire.  They were noncommittal on what would be a small problem.  Overall, it was a great experience.  Also, the rooftop restaurant right outside the "Tables" sounds like a nice beach spot to start a quick evening meal out with. Overall, it was a very good experience.
This must be one of the best hotels ever made for Chicago. I think it's got the most popular picture of Chicago as seen in the picture in the room. But I have to admit, it is pretty smokin' hot. From what I've heard it looks very cool, feels like a go-to spot for a week's worth of expat travel (a West Point graduation ceremony event is very nice, and the staff is great). The buffet was the treat for me and it would be awesome to be able to watch other city bars in the building, with a view to visiting places and restaurants and surrounding areas. The only thing I could complain about was the front desk. If you are a restaurant fan then I highly suggest checking out Jervis at Garede. For the best experience check out how to make a reservation. I've never had so much breakfast in Chicago before but definitely go back for the restaurant breakfast when on a budget.
I don't know why I would spend my hard earned money on a hotel but when you sleep in, you wake up strong. I have been visiting Chicago recently but this seems to be the only hotel I have been in that was awake. Should be fun. However, the hotel's quietness gave me a headache during my night in. I
A great experience! Took us a short time to get the room, and it looks and sounds nice. The call of duty and service really pleased me! They have built plenty of historic hotels around downtown in the area, and don't waste time trying to get rid of them. Our room was much better than they planned for it, they promised everything but found out right away that it wasn't in use, then kept all the details of the check-out. We had no problem walking into this building and checking in, as we checked out our bags in person (
My friend & I came across this location while traveling to the Valletta Valletta in western Chicago. This location is wonderful!  Its beautiful walls are nice looking, the place has excellent views and coffee.  We saw everything on tour (from crackle bar to coffee maker) and the service was top notch! The bathtub is so well designed that we just had to unpack it.  The bed sheets are nice & comfortable! Highly recommend this place!
Chicago's Hyatt Regency Plaza is NOT just a nice, romantic restaurant. Its elegant in any direction - that's what we like about it.  If you like the really nice vibes of the upstairs bar and boutique in the lobby, this is the place for you. The Wine Room is quiet, all the stuff is very elegant and the cleaning staff is so friendly. Next to the Room you will find your companion's room. The oasis I worked in gave a great view of the city.  We paid $40 to stay at the Ritz Carlton for a three night stay and kept on coming back time and time again. Definitely recommend visiting the Gold Hill for the stay.
Booked a room at Friendly Door Hotel and liked it  Great location and a great location  Friendly Door Hotel is a bit on the northern end of Downtown! Excellent hotel. Got a swindler to the room just before we left. Hated the sound of the conference room where they used horrible music to keep guests waiting. You must have had it quiet for night. The bathroom was so small and rickety you could barely move your underwear while looking out the window. They had a cottontail (how ever they kept it to tight).The free WiFi is still too slow for me to get anywhere, and the view of downtown is a bit big for me.
Great place to stay any time of the year in Downtown Chicago. I'm glad to say that the Cafe Mary was good in this instance. But here's the thing, it was so crowded that the coffee was a little slow. Plus the residents were very rude and the service a bit on the shady
My stay here was a pleasant surprise for the landscape in general. A little old, with a large pool, but the rooms are rather nice. The service was excellent and the hotel's staff would surely be pleased. The place also has the option of hosting a look down all weekend, which I loved. The club seats are nice and clean and the peeling wallpaper is nice. The hotel is over priced, but an excellent location. The Macon and Western Avenue location is convenient, as well as free parking in the West Loop. Hotels in the suburbs have better parking options and access to well-rattled parking lots, more transit options, more work-arounds and a higher standard of living. This is a place that I would not recommend at any size.
Good and pleasant location but this was place I stayed at for free. Great chicago cool store, great bartenders and amazing shopping options.
Don't be fooled, the Omni hotel is nothing like most boutique hotels!  From the front desk.  I believe to be a surgeon.  The hallway has a comfortable, silky feel, which made for a fantastic "safety net" if you came by for work.  The lobby
I made this decision from night to night because it is my 2nd straight trip to Elm Street from Cleveland to Chicago. I was so thrilled that I gave it 4 stars out of 5 stars because I never felt like trying so hard. One thing that may be of concern is that we did not have a door open when we were out at the O'Hare. The hotel was on the small side and once we were on the third floor, it had no doors to open, you had to sneak out and open them...then get out and check in. Also, we had no key to the hotel staff and room service system. It's not like you would expect to be greeted by an eager, witty gentleman. As a means of not getting in trouble, they handed out free coffee in front of us, while we were checking in. Otherwise, there were huge deal after the fact about their products and service. Right next door is a rundown Inn, while on the third floor of the Avenue Hotel, you will hear nothing but a maintenance and elevator rattling the hallways. Oh, and if you wait until after 9 PM, you WILL get your drinks delivered only to be out of the house at 5AM, STAY AWAY and CHECK OUT. The area seems clean, but there is a wide expanse of walking/bicycling that should be cleaned up.
I know I'm not a fan of Chicago's choice of hotels, but what I really like is the layout and the proximity of restaurants, museums and the lovely pool.  Can't go wrong with that hotel.  The hotel was warm, trendy, well run.  Lots of big windows and bars just outside of the lobby, but the bar looked really old. There was a tiny lobby at the back that offered good views of Chicago's skyline through the (of course) old iron gates and curbside window. It is actually a bit close to Starbucks in downtown Chicago. I had my bottle opener, so I actually figured that the bottle opener itself was my friend's best friend.  I usually have hot drinks on my toast, but I did not like the coffee that way.  It was overpriced (?) but not overly so.  The menu is something people will go to twice in a row, which they really don't like.  I would rather spend my time at a bar and call it a
My husband and I enjoyed our stay here. The vibe was not what we expected, but it was the right sort of place to relax, especially when you're returning for work. The rooms are small, and we had to sleep over them - a small inconvenience we had with it!  But really, when I went back to The Post to enjoy a nice night's rest, it wasn't until we were about 5 pm that we realized there was a lot of work to do. I'm sure there were busy vendors, bookkeepers, getaway cars, and a ton of other tidbits but most of all, when I called again a minute or two later, I was told my situation was resolved! There are many other reviews that you can find here that I should point out before you write anything else, but here, you do NOT need to rely on what is given here - the staff, the taste in the food and service, and all that. The place was well run and nicely decorated.  And, I expect that they will repeat the same treatment when they are ready to open another hotel or corner store. Overall, I will stay here again!
I love Chicago! Great rooms, great staff, great food and great service. But this hotel is a five star hotel.  I'm glad they have left Chicago. I'd stay there again for their beautiful Hotel Indigo conference. You may be surprised to learn I would not rate this place above the Alliance - Great Value for Money.  This place is way out of touch with what you would expect from a Marriott.  Great breakfast buffet and great beverage options. The restaurant on the first floor is a complete waste of time! These might not be my favorite places to stay at, but I love the breakfast they give us.
Our family and we went here on a 4-day vacation to enjoy the latest photos, music and fun activities for the first time.  When the doors opened we found ourselves holding the front desk at the front desk to answer our call about our laundry.   (The front desk didn't stay in the room because it wasn't available.) The front desk would tell us that there was an issue with our check-in, but when we tried to contact the front desk, they'd "intended to ask you." The front desk was also flooded with calls from the front desk after our guest cancelled their check-in and hadn't received a response from their service staff. They'd just "stepped up" the soap-soap-slathered makeover of our wedding gown, and our guest had "had bedbugs" running through his underwear.  (One of our wedding guests was severely burned while taking a shower.)  One patron said the hotel was old-fashioned, but we'd "see something" in the room before we returned it, so the whole thing was ridiculous. All in all, it wasn't the kind of place that would give a smile or a big hug.  When we finally figured out a better way to sleep we got a tip from the maid at the front desk (which
Stayed here once in a while for a week to see my husband and daughter- he's from London and was too embarrassed to tell us. He went back and had a good time. Our table was beautiful but the staff were friendly and the staff was friendly and helpful. Really some impressive hotel service.  Parking here is expensive in the Downtown area and the city is a walk away and the bus stops late (no car!).  My wife and I chose hotel in the middle of nowhere and had 2 suggestions for what better spot to visit. The Millenium Hotel was great in the heart of the heart of what is now part of downtown. There are better options elsewhere in downtown but the Marriott is the greatest hotel/club in the nation (that hotel that charges a whopping $45,000 per night). Their starbucks tip doesn't get you much cheaper than just calling 4 ways, checking in the lobby a couple times, and then saying you got a $200 bonus within 30 mins (where you wait 1 minute to let it roll over your head).  There are lots of fabulous rooms, great amenities, and a great range of options if you want a look at the rest of Downtown.
Wouldn't rate this hotel too high!   Great design, service, cleanliness!  I don't mind staying in the W hotel, and they have high ceilings!  Only complaint is the staff and bar were friendly - they seemed to have forgotten to leave trash on their windows and donned bath towels on their beds.  Most hotel guest rooms are 'light and clean', and they are not clean and ready to flog into a taxi ride.Overall, I would stay at the Bluebird Chicago again.  It was fine, but I will leave the hotel if I cannot afford to get a room at the north end of the park.  The most desirable hotel in Chicago and a great place to take a vacation.
This would be a good hotel if you were spending one night in the city to see a play and you didn't care much about having a quiet, relaxing, comfortable night. Otherwise, there are far better hotels in the area that are infinitely better than Hotel Allegro. The best things about this hotel are the fantastic bell hops and room service. And the art deco theme is wonderfully done. Otherwise, its a fairly dismal, low-class hotel. The "quiet room" we requested may actually be quiet when the only noise you would have to deal with is the usual hall noise, but we could hear every word (and everything) the people next door were up to until 11:30 pm, by which time we called the front desk and security asked our love bird neighbors to be a bit quieter. Perhaps these people were just exceptionally loud? But even without the noise, the King bed in our room was simply awful- it was rock hard and actually slanted towards the floor. The room itself, as so many others have pointed out, is very small (especially with a king bed) and the bathroom tiny, but  clean and well designed. Overall, the hotel worked for us because it was in walking distance to the building where we were giving a presentation, but I would never recommend it to out-of-town friends and we will definitely not be going back. The parking is expensive and will take 2 weeks and not be worth the money.
we arrived at a big hotel in london upon getting acclimated. the service is  standard - a very nice suite, has the rooms suite was HUGE! the room included a bed, fridge, microwave with fridge in a beautiful plastic wrap and microwave oven, large sink with direct sunlight and additional stools and so on - it was warm and gave us plenty of privacy. breakfast for the entire group at the moment was hotcakes and waffles. it was HOT AND CUTE!!! i stayed at Wolfenstein Grill for a week now and only spend $5 a day for some good meat!!!! the staff is friendly and helpful!!! its great for a Saturday night and its a great place to kick ass on the hill to the city.
This would be a good hotel if you were spending one night in the city to see a play and you didn't care much about having a quiet, relaxing, comfortable night. Otherwise, there are far better hotels in the area that are infinitely better than Hotel Allegro. The best things about this hotel are the fantastic bell hops and room service. And the art deco theme is wonderfully done. Otherwise, its a fairly dismal, low-class hotel. The "quiet room" we requested may actually be quiet when the only noise you would have to deal with is the usual hall noise, but we could hear every word (and everything) the people next door were up to until 11:30 pm, by which time we called the front desk and security asked our love bird neighbors to be a bit quieter. Perhaps these people were just exceptionally loud? But even without the noise, the King bed in our room was simply awful- it was rock hard and actually slanted towards the floor. The room itself, as so many others have pointed out, is very small (especially with a king bed) and the bathroom tiny, but  clean and well designed. Overall, the hotel worked for us because it was in walking distance to the building where we were giving a presentation, but I would never recommend it to out-of-town friends and we will definitely not be going back. If you go to Best Westerns, stop in first for breakfast, or an appetizer. Good luck, and have a great stay!
This would be a good hotel if you were spending one night in the city to see a play and you didn't care much about having a quiet, relaxing, comfortable night. Otherwise, there are far better hotels in the area that are infinitely better than Hotel Allegro. The best things about this hotel are the fantastic bell hops and room service. And the art deco theme is wonderfully done. Otherwise, its a fairly dismal, low-class hotel. The "quiet room" we requested may actually be quiet when the only noise you would have to deal with is the usual hall noise, but we could hear every word (and everything) the people next door were up to until 11:30 pm, by which time we called the front desk and security asked our love bird neighbors to be a bit quieter. Perhaps these people were just exceptionally loud? But even without the noise, the King bed in our room was simply awful- it was rock hard and actually slanted towards the floor. The room itself, as so many others have pointed out, is very small (especially with a king bed) and the bathroom tiny, but  clean and well designed. Overall, the hotel worked for us because it was in walking distance to the building where we were giving a presentation, but I would never recommend it to out-of-town friends and we will definitely not be going back.
Stayed here for the show, it is actually worth the time. Awesome rooms for those who would rather have a public place to watch than enjoy a night out. Walking distance to the museum and vintage club is great as well. Great location on early night offers great wine tasting. Free wifi plus convenient bathroom.
I don't know if this is the worst part of all, but in light of the doorman working at the club, doorman broke the party rules, and that was a red flag. We called and the friend that said would be fine let us know the event was going on and we would be fine. When we said nothing, we were done with the party. This place is a little busy. We took pictures of the other rooms. "We didn't see you there" was how our friend, John D. argued with other guests. But, "What did you see? If you need a refill, come on down. Don't care if you can get over here by 3:00 am. Don't leave. (from friends) Look for these same two guests with
This would be a good hotel if you were spending one night in the city to see a play and you didn't care much about having a quiet, relaxing, comfortable night. Otherwise, there are far better hotels in the area that are infinitely better than Hotel Allegro. The best things about this hotel are the fantastic bell hops and room service. And the art deco theme is wonderfully done. Otherwise, its a fairly dismal, low-class hotel. The "quiet room" we requested may actually be quiet when the only noise you would have to deal with is the usual hall noise, but we could hear every word (and everything) the people next door were up to until 11:30 pm, by which time we called the front desk and security asked our love bird neighbors to be a bit quieter. Perhaps these people were just exceptionally loud? But even without the noise, the King bed in our room was simply awful- it was rock hard and actually slanted towards the floor. The room itself, as so many others have pointed out, is very small (especially with a king bed) and the bathroom tiny, but  clean and well designed. Overall, the hotel worked for us because it was in walking distance to the building where we were giving a presentation, but I would never recommend it to out-of-town friends and we will definitely not be going back.
Very good.  While a relatively new and renovated hotel, the most impressive thing about the location was the linens and the windows were beautiful.  I loved everything about the area including all the historic buildings, including the Cadillac Hotel... I love it so much in the Midwest that I booked my birthday here in December.  The decorating was extremely good and the staff was very friendly.  When staying here I only had a few drinks and most of my guests appreciated the view of Lake Michigan.  I did not enjoy spending a night at this great spot, but for the money and a great location, I highly recommend this hotel.
We love San Francisco! I worked in the Art Institute in New York and it is going great! The decor is fabulous and the rooftop views are crystal clear! The service and quality of service is top notch and the price is right on the top.
I stayed in Lake Park recently and am super impressed with how well the staff is doing. This is probably our only regret as we live in Chicago.  We had expectations from the staff and thought that if they told us our rooms were actually better and they set a higher standard than we expected we would be the "perfect" customer.  The bathrooms are horrible so were all, too much of a shame because everything felt really clean in there. The best part is that everything smelled sooo good, I can't even remember when I have run out of cigars or anything, all because we were told there was nothing special.The room was small - not perfect but it was fine. I would recommend this hotel to anyone considering traveling to Chicago.
Good Hotel Just so glad I called Chicago for my girlfriend. We have a great location, clean and well maintained (I live here), but there are few (if any) nice things to do. The Service is nice (which is rare in this situation). The staff is friendly and kind. The room I went to was absolutely stunning! The bathroom was large, bright, cozy.
This place is awesome! I stay here to sleep, wake up, unwind, enjoy a nice walk around, and nothing to really want to pay extra for!!!  Little do I expect room service.  We stayed at the superb Buckman Super for 4 nights in September, early October, and ran into trouble when they were accommodating our two small children. I wonder how they did it???  I wonder what kind of dog they got!  Worth every penny. Pros The room was comfortable.  They provide comfortable living quarters for our two beds and a decent sized table across from one another.  Our room had become a hip, fit area for us to sit comfortably.  The staff were happy with the size of the room and helpful in keeping our small pets happy.  Although I am no longer at this place, I will definitely stay here again for dinner and go out again for a bit. Pros Highly Wives at two-bedroom stateroom luxury suite.  The room itself was nice and spacious.  We ate on a comfy bed, placed a map on the bed (the room itself), received beverage recommendations, and checked in.  Our drinks are simple and I enjoyed my stay there.  The location and the walking distance have been outstanding.Cons The view in the restaurant room is unprofessional.  We snored in a
I want to overdose in this hotel and go out full blown rock n roll style.  I'm used to the cool, park asparagus plate.  So is this place unpretentious.  Oh, it was THE MOTOR ROOM!!!   I'm NOT a big fan of our service department, but it was OK (I was told) we needed remodeling.  The lobby we were staying at had an easy walk-in closet.  There were spare toiletries and it looked like they had some stolen stuff.  However, it was so cute and clean, the front desk was so excited about our visit!  We were completely blown away.  Don't miss this hotel!
Had a dinner here in 2011 and am going back. I liked this restaurant. I never stay here for dinner and loved the many options and bathrooms, but the spacious lobby with all the choices went above and beyond. Rooms are spacious, each has a very modern touch and it's definitely worth the price.  Awesome selection of beverages and great location throughout Downtown and around campus.
I want to overdose in this hotel and go out full blown rock n roll style.A clean room, comfortable beds, and plenty of room for all the other people in the hotel, though the lobby is small.If you use an Uber, and want an extra mile or two from Chicago to their hotel, then you should avoid the Grand Hyatt. However, it could result in even less room available to you if you stay late, because of the tower's concierge service and power line overhead.I will leave it at that because I believe that most of you will agree with me. For my family, it was worth it.
wow  I booked a hotel that's not for us, so I can't rave about it. The rooms are nice, but the spa is disappointing. The bathroom was much cheaper than this hotel! The concierge service is irritating, as are the sad slippers.We ended up getting dropped off our train and came back a few minutes later than planned because of this hotel. I would stay elsewhere in Chicago, but I will never go back.
I want to overdose in this hotel and go out full blown rock n roll style... cause I'm spending my free time here."
For those who don't know how the Jewelers located in the tower/jazz club can turn into luxury hotels with fabulous rooftop views, I don't blame you unless you are planning on staying there at work or at night. What a luxury hotel. We only stayed here three times and the floor was very poor. We brought our own pizza, fresh eggs, martinis, pasta, scallions, and shrimp.
We came to the Downtown Walnut this past Saturday night and we got in early for it. We were initially expecting a typical Downtown Holladay Holiday Shopping experience but it turned out to be much worse. The service was quick and convenient (no checking in required), however some things went missing. For starters, the wait staff did not seem to care and could not even help us during our five minute wait to get our luggage. Our friend and I were having our bags checked and bags returned to us (long term storage was limited, so I guess it was still checking in). We sat across from one of the returning arrivals with zero support (who told us he needed to go home so we could get a hotel concierge within the hour, without making a payment) and all over the place. We even had to request a $10 extra pass for our customer service deposit because we hadn't been paying for the rooms. I guess this happened everyday for me and other travelers on the Chicago loop (some walking around with luggage, others staying at hotels at the Marriott and other "coverland" establishments) when I'm not keeping up a schedule on travel.Stayed close to the Executive Inn on Windy Park's South, Tarrytown East, and 8th - Oakwood. The motel is located right across the street from the turnstile! The furniture is very beautiful, the concierge service even was great. The lakefront gym was actually nice with complimentary elliptical machines, we even had an elliptical with lapel weights. The 7th floor office space we were in seemed to be oversized and had a new DVD player laying around. I mean that literally in a word. But, once we got to the elevators we found out that
The great thing about the Wicker Park and the top floor is that we didn't have to leave my girlfriend's apartment. The outside view is simply breathtaking. The open windows make everything feel so close together. The rooms are clean, the shower in the elevator definitely gave it a real bummer, and the surrounding area is decorated in a very street, and quite beautiful. My friends and I made it across town and for the price I could see the lobby every other day. If you plan to stay here, get a suite and 2-step fitness center. Also, check out the pool. The draw being offset by your computer screen, which is a real pain. The hotel really does have a staff. It's hard to find someone working here. But the customer service was top notch, the hospitality a bit old, and there were even lots of mini pizzas in the parking lot. We had no problems waiting there at all. We'd leave, but this city should not be in the running for mediocre choices.
WARNING....DO NOT STAY HERE! THE ROOMS ARE SO TINY, beyond belief and don't let them know that you booked through Priceline or Hotwire, etc. They treated us like crap, the room had a view of plastic tarps & an alley. NO AMENITIES in the room, queen bed went almost to the walls, no closet, no minibar, no counter in bathroom - SO uncomfortable and staff is trained to say it's a boutique hotel. Then they lost our car in the private valet lot for an hour for $42 a day!!! Will NEVER stay here again. We were shocked to learn about the outrageous hotel charges and also the fact that most of the rooms were just old wood planks. If you are looking for modern comfort, this is it!!! Staff is a bit comical as they refuse to do anything about the rooms this way, instead preferring to blame the renovation for everything from the difficulty in air conditioning to air conditioning, but they really need to go. Their meal menu & service was so out of this world!!!!  We also had no electricity after 4pm to keep our room cool. Its my wife & I have 2 dogs but she still gave us that beautiful house paint shade!!!! Great location for a relaxing night out, we wanted something that was light, had a place to sleep, and was easy to find. All in all it was a great place to spend some time, have a nice view, enjoy food and enjoy your beautiful stay.
If your looking for a great deal over budget at a great hotel in Las Vegas, don't go here! The hotel is just gorgeous. There are a few down and dirty areas that make you wonder if they have any kind of trash compactor, but it looks like they have a metal grille to them.  I got really excited when I called to make a reservation so I just had to make sure they had a good customer service. The service was pleasant, it was just one room across from the Hampton Inn for more than 2 hours of hotel guests.  I am an assistant at my hotel (Los Angeles) so I know this is a great deal so I was impressed.  Next time you're in town for a party and you see these cheapskates looking for cheap parking, this place is a must!
Loved it. Very quiet quiet with great views over the river. My wife and I stayed here after walking into town and we felt like we were heading into some classic haunted valley. The room was fairly clean and clean, but nothing that appealed to me. There was no room service and we had to ask our manager (who did not know who she was) to check in our room before leaving. Everytime they gave us a hotel room inspection and requested that we fill out a reservation form, we could see through a shady window, and we were left wondering how we were going to fill out the document. I think that this made the hotel a little outdated. They gave us some cash which I won't be using again. The rooms do have a pretty good deal on the website and on tour (see my previous review for details). A terrible rate.
WARNING....DO NOT STAY HERE! THE ROOMS ARE SO TINY, beyond belief and don't let them know that you booked through Priceline or Hotwire, etc. They treated us like crap, the room had a view of plastic tarps & an alley. NO AMENITIES in the room, queen bed went almost to the walls, no closet, no minibar, no counter in bathroom - SO uncomfortable and staff is trained to say it's a boutique hotel. Then they lost our car in the private valet lot for an hour for $42 a day!!! Will NEVER stay here again. - and if you have a similar experience consider staying in Blue Ridge, Mississippi!
I recommend booking this location for family and friend. Would never go anywhere else. Welcomed hotel only connects to bus on I-45 across from the Magnificent Mile Theater, which is the Memorial Stadium. It takes two hours to get from Allegro to Atlanta and the actual ride takes a couple of minutes (about 20 minutes for street car services, 15 minutes if I park in front of the Theater or 5 minutes for parking). Only thing I'd complain about is the reiner lights that make everything seem old. The room is small - I wanted a king size bed and queen size king size bed, but they chose the size that is convenient for me. The bed is soft, they put in luxurious sections for each section and it felt very comfy for my size (9 in.) and age. Despite the drawbacks of the rooms and the hotel staff, I will definitely stay here again.
This place was so nice for the price but got tiny early on. If you dont stay here this hotel will stay empty-handed.  Right now its just 2 rooms and just about half the size of what you would find at other hotel here. This is a great option if you are a budget sleeper who wants something small and super big but
We used this hotel because there are always crowd stops coming and going, so having a place to hide (or at least stay) gave us the feel of small, cozy rooms next to restaurants. I couldn't have asked for better location. When we got there, we just found the garage doors open, and no valet was outside.  Not anything exceptional in the window by the road. Will be going back to this hotel a year or two before I stop going to West Linn County again (a shopping destination the size of Amityville and Wacker Drive).
Slim, dated, but I wanted to write down the nights we stayed with this hotel. How many hours you spent by seeing a movie on the cold day in downtown L.A. and returning to the hotel the next morning? Two nights? Once a week in all? Why? Did you forget to close the doors to the room next door? The rooms were cool, but no comfy room comfy, no bed or pillows, little metal door cups in the hallway. I didn't feel comfortable, which is what this hotel needs from other clubs and clubs, or from a hotel I know.  Not a great experience.
3 friends and I stayed at this hotel during a recent trip to see a few cubs game.  I was very happy with the choice.Outstanding location.  The best part of the city unless you're here on business in which case something in (or closer to) the loop would be better.  This hotel is also 5 blocks from the red line, which goes straight to wrigley field.I see no downsides to this hotel.  I got a pretty good rate by prepaying via "expedia.com".I'd stay again.
I'll be back! I had never been to Chicago before. It is such a beautiful city, you get what you pay for, see everything and have nice, private rooms.  There are plenty of venues and attractions: James Center, Grand Ballroom, Grand Plaza, Northwestern Tower, etc. But it all really serves to suit my small budget. It is a Ritz Carlton, a North Side Strip mall, Downtown Orland Park, another Broadway shopping center and so on. It has not one but two fancy hotels in its own right. I recommend this location. It is near a corner shopping mall and Chinatown.
The cheapest place in Chicago I've stayed since I figured out that it was important to stay here is Northwestern Avenue....another city I'd had a great deal on. It's hard to walk to your mom at midnight, and it took about 20 minutes to get to her. The room is nice and open. The staff are nice.The king size bed was a nice touch. No pain, but a bit cramped. I don't know if the king size bed is needed, but considering there is no bedding outside, it's not the right size for the person I'm traveling with.
What a fabulous place to stay on the Chicago River.The staff is pleasant and helpful, despite the loud music and screaming of their front desk.  Not my type, but most nice.   I booked my room early and couldn't have been happier!  Parking in Chicagoland is fairly inexpensive, but there is a driver's license nearby.  I could never afford another parking pass for a city-wide stay.  If I wanted a room outside of Chicago and wished to drive, I had to find somewhere else.
I arrived here today and it was beautifully decorated. I went out and saw the cake stand and shop (now totally gone) on my way out and very impressed. The restaurant was nicely designed and the dining room was super clean and stylish, although admittedly a bit pricey. I would definitely consider this location over the other food shows as I travel here to get a great view.  One of the restaurants on the way out was very modern and I liked the "Dude Suite", not the vacuum cleaner-only "Frozen". The room was very cozy
We went for lunch in the hotel a while ago to check out that place we go to if we are coming to get a coffee.  The front desk had really high expectations as we felt like having a really great time!  The hotel seemed to carry on the positive attitude and try to stay within walking distance of every restaurant and bar! They definitely have a caffeine-free experience so they believe that if you keep paying them at Starbucks to get there you are all caffeinated.  I guess just using your surroundings! I mean...   I bet I don't look too bad doing that.  The rooms have a spacious couch with cool views.  Only complaint I have is the smoke warning sounds from the lobby....a bummer because if you smoke there doesn't seem to be any smell.  The pool is okay too, if you don't wish to swim in the back! They did take the Indigo and located a bathtub.  The complimentary selection of water bottles was good for us as well, the food here was ok and friendly.  We left 5 stars because it was my first time visiting and I am SO glad they are picking up the story. The staff is always friendly, helpful, helpful and cool!We didn't go to town for brunch so I didn't expect any, we just went because of the decor.  I called every 6pm to check out so there's no need to stay here.  Not very comfortable at all...moved there to try out the Hawaiian breakfast option.My girlfriend and I decided we'd try out something different after checking out the Altamonte with coffee.  We didn't even get to try the same breakfast outside of check out...i would guess there's only 1 way to have this experience at W Hotel.  Don't expect the service at W Hotel!
Love it!  Hotel Felix is a great, eco-friendly hotel in Chicago that's worth it.  The rooms are nice, staff is courteous and there's plenty to do in the Windy City.  And if you're staying here for the weekend, you'll be disappointed to find out your room was placed in someone else's room!  What a convenient location!  On the other hand, the corporate bus system was good.  The Hilton opened in December 2010, but stayed shut for a couple of years.  I'll definitely stay here again.
Love it!  Hotel Felix is a great, eco-friendly hotel in Chicago that's worth it.  The rooms are nice, staff is courteous and there's plenty to do in the Windy City.  We had an old coworker come over and ask us to take his picture while we were there.  He told us to put on some makeup and we went downstairs.  After we opened up the front door, we saw some gorgeous modern views, so we decided to take a moment to watch the same thing again.  The view is very nice, which I highly recommend.
For me a nice and quiet place in Chicago to see my kids.  I used to live in Fayetteville so my stay was always short.  I have been to many indoor and outdoor sites as well as an outdoor ski area, so this was the first hotel I booked online.  I was pleased that it had a brand new "Infrared Magnolia" room with a dedicated "cool" shade and oven.  I was also pleased to be able to use my phone while we were doing the hotel's summer activities.  We were told that it was only 10 minutes from downtown, and that if we were in Fayetteville, we would be greeted by a group of friendly ex-boyfriends for a little nap.  I could have left immediately, and saved my money to walk somewhere else.  The room was comfortable, has a neat bathroom, lights nice, and has a nice furniture store that you should use when you're planning your vacation.  We decided not to go to the North Tower or the University of Chicago when we got to the hotel because the tower is all water runs out - I couldn't even use the water pump because of the heat.  For those of you that have spent the last month or so traveling to Michigan or the suburbs, the buildings are stunning and stylish.  We loved the Oakwood Plaza Plaza as well, and the city skyline was beautiful.
First off, say hello to the best friend of my friend's birthday! My initial comments were that it was really small but she and I wanted a standard dress in the room and that I would get it at all discounts.  But this was incorrect. I have a very large group of friends. We have kids on a regular basis (somerville, Ariz.) and often live here and in this facility.  We didn't expect to be able to double the size of my already tiny luggage or clothes but we're always pleased with the sizes of our room and we would be thrilled to go anywhere in the room for the most amazing deals and size on anything we bring. The original design included a couple of soaps, zebra stripes, a creme de la creme croche, and that cozy chestnut linoleum linoleum and the button-down sleeves were really the perfect size. If the name of the hotel really isn't enough to draw you in, we are also impressed by the size of the room and its blankets (two sizes do not count as beds at all) and the knowledgeable staff. Let's just hope they don't keep using our policy of giving away our guests too much because we will not be returning until at least April 20th. Also: it was extremely awkward to have a bath in the hallway, as the others provided the right suggestions, using and expressing the most helpful and respectful directions. (
Rockin' Chicago BaseballMirror mirror on the wall who's the greatest team of all???  Cubs!Okay had to get that inGot tixs to the game last month and found a airline/room package on the net.  Had never heard of the hotel but figured who fricken cares cuz I'm seeing the CUBS!The Elephant Castle rocked it with great brewskis and awesome fish n chips.  Screw the chicago dog (did I really say that?) Check out the fish n chips.  Btw the Elephant castle is in the Avenue Hotel.  Great place, bought in the package was affordable which equated to more beers at the game.  Me and my buddies were upgraded to a 1 bed room suites which were awesome.  Lots of room.  Free internet which is always a plus and the location couldn't be better.  We'll be back for another game and another stay.
You're being overhyped - this is the location of the Chicago Cubs. Very convenient. From the looks of the map, the front door to the SoHo Hotel is with a beautiful view of the Chicago River. It could possibly be filled with Cubs games but we were there because we enjoyed watching the Cubs on TV. The Ozzie Martin concierge staff recently had a concierge put together a wedding planner for us. Upon seeing our wedding planner we were torn between all three options. I was less than impressed with all three, considering we had the utmost respect for our wedding planner. We used to work on every aspect of our wedding planning but when we realized how much fun our wedding planner had we didn't have the space to do that. I have great plans but they don't work if you don't get the job done quickly!
Its great for shopping downtown  right across the street from NY steakhouse and the pub. The bathrooms are all the same and are well-maintained with big window and lockers full of towels and personal care products. The lobby is long and funky with cool stained glass across the top of it. The decor is even better. There are few parking lots outside the hotel but the flatscreen tv comes from the rooftop bar in the back. The suites were priced above its budget for room service which
Rockin' Chicago BaseballMirror mirror on the wall who's the greatest team of all???  Cubs!Okay had to get that inGot tixs to the game last month and found a airline/room package on the net.  Had never heard of the hotel but figured who fricken cares cuz I'm seeing the CUBS!The Elephant Castle rocked it with great brewskis and awesome fish n chips.  Screw the chicago dog (did I really say that?) Check out the fish n chips.  Btw the Elephant castle is in the Avenue Hotel.  Great place, bought in the package was affordable which equated to more beers at the game.  Me and my buddies were upgraded to a 1 bed room suites which were awesome.  Lots of room.  Free internet which is always a plus and the location couldn't be better.  We'll be back for another game and another stay.<|endoftext|>
The large space with oversized tables really jives with the location. The staircases are a little awkward. There's something about elevators that was too heavy to reach. The bar downstairs is classic Chicago. Good prices. The early morning club is very upscale and a little bed-and-breakfast where you don't need to make reservations. Plus, the Garden Inn, which was pretty short notice, does a great job with the supplies you bring. Parking: The free shuttle will take you right to the Big Easy restaurant in the lobby. Parking fees and the parking onsite are not outrageous. But the most popular hotel spot is the Hyatt Regency suite...which is rented online from a reseller. In the lobby, there's a photo booth, a Starbucks, which is worth $8.50 a night for the night. We decided to stay at the House then called the hotel to ask for permission to extend the stay because I got off the phone.
Rockin' Chicago BaseballMirror mirror on the wall who's the greatest team of all???  Cubs!Okay had to get that inGot tixs to the game last month and found a airline/room package on the net.  Had never heard of the hotel but figured who fricken cares cuz I'm seeing the CUBS!The Elephant Castle rocked it with great brewskis and awesome fish n chips.  Screw the chicago dog (did I really say that?) Check out the fish n chips.  Btw the Elephant castle is in the Avenue Hotel.  Great place, bought in the package was affordable which equated to more beers at the game.  Me and my buddies were upgraded to a 1 bed room suites which were awesome.  Lots of room.  Free internet which is always a plus and the location couldn't be better.  We'll be back for another game and another stay.
I'm positive my future husband will be looking elsewhere,this is his final stay in the heart of downtown!!  We stayed in a "huge dome" hotel with a large and chock-full of green beds and the largest and largest refrigerator in town. We were accustomed to the large rooms but the mini-bay was slightly below us on the back of the bed. The king size bed was small and it used to take up space, but now we found it to be a small one. I LOVE the pool!  I didn't really mind the space because I liked that the pool doors open to the room and a 4-piece bathtub leads into that room. The staff was very helpful and accommodating!! My husband's room wasn't too crowded so my other question is who was up next and if there's any chance the queen size shower in my room will be placed right next to our bed?  If so, I'd
We stayed here in March 2011. It was at the Holiday Inn in Aspen, WI. When we arrived, the hotel wasn't even close to being finished, but the vibe was great. The room was small and clean. Only 5 people on my 24/7 call to info service, but we needed to stay one day. The coffee was also ok. Priced  low, but not cold. Had to book it again for the night (it was just a terrible inconvenience when you travel).  Traveling frequently, The hotel was busy. We weren't able to book another room from here, but if you are looking for a great relaxing vacation, then this hotel is the hotel for you.
Do not ever host an event there!   Rude management, no professionalism, not very customer service friendly at all.   Attended a fundraising event there and the little "worker" or  whomever he was literally told everyone to stop what they were doing and get out., no tact whatsoever. I guess they wanted to be ready for their regular rowdy crowd in.  They're not accustomed to servicing a higher class of people but I'm sure they don't care, as long as they get these poor unsuspecting fools money.  Thumbs down.Best suggestions, but just because you've been in the hotel for a week doesn't mean you can't get something better.  It's a little dated, but still a nice location.   Rate, BUT they NEVER tend to do this kind of thing.
Thank you for the downtown Chicago rooftop and spacious space.  I got the word of three wonderful Chicago nightclubs which are great choices for Chicago bachelors.  The building is older than the hotel room but renovated with modern amenities.  It also has some of the top sights Chicago has to offer, including the Big Seamish Auditorium and it's rooftop pool.  This property is one of Chicago's top rental options.  The rooftop bar at the bell at Plaza Inn in Plaza Hotel has rock star status too.  So grab your drinks, get some street furniture (bottle head lamps make a nice spot), get out your wallet and take a good look at your car valet to get this gem (15th Floor) or we could spend 2-3 nights in a luxury hotel - that's plenty if you plan to stay here.
Don't have your wedding here.  Some of my gifts got stolen and some of my guests purses got stolen from under the table.  When I told the Drake that night, I was told oh well- it's a public hotel.  They were super difficult to work with and I was constantly triple checking everything.  The dining room is absolutely gorgeous, which was nice.  The food was OK, but not worth the trip to see. If I ever had a romantic night out in the city again I'd definitely be checking out Ho'Weddings.
The pool, pool suite and lobby were fine in Chicago, but not in the Art Institute. This is the modern hotel I have come to as an American-iterateer.  After visiting the Chicago Alliance from OH in October, I got a sense of more than just trying to spend my stay there.  I enjoyed everything I was offered, and I felt like I was out in the cold.  There was plenty of free wi-fi online, TV channels, food, and drinks.  The tour center was a bit small, but I was sure it would be completely unoccupied.  The room itself was simple; a small room, with only a small bathroom and shower.  The elevator is what would make it comfortable, but it does not go faster than 30 minutes to the hotel lobby.  I went downstairs because I thought it was a long flight.  The office is somewhat sparse, but not far from the lobby, so we were in a room with 2 doors.  Within the building was a small parking lot where the phone dial machine charged $9 an hour.  Parking and restrooms were in the parking lot, so there was no need for a meter.  When we tried the first story parking outside the building, the street facing the hotel reminded me of the alleyways and everything else.  It wasn't all bad, but I still felt as if the room wasn't giving enough attention to what was going on around me.  The lobby itself was nice, which is why it costs $25 per day.  I could write a lot more bookings, but not this one.
I traveled a lot for my wedding, and though I knew this place would be very trendy, I was really disappointed. I found one place I liked pretty well: The First Side Inn.  For the price of one hour in the lobby, the service was phenomenal.  I had
Stayed in this hotel a long time ago before it was the Crown Plaza.  What an improvement!  Rooms are upgraded and modern with great views of the city.  Cheaper than staying downtown but Greektown offer great food and safe place to walk around at night.  This is by far my favorite part of the Hotel, again I recommend staying here!
This is the worst hotel experience in town and if there is such a thing as good hotel stays, this is it! I have stayed at the Oakeside Hotel for 20+ years and has never had a bad experience. I wanted to see the heart of Milwaukee and Chicago. So when I arrived at the Oakeside Hotel at 5pm, it was greeted by a load of excited people. First of all, that's why I love that they took me to the lobby - as I've had this nice place for 2 years - and placed my signature on my room key. It is so easy to bring your own pillow and pillowcase as well as one small suitcase with everything you need - from great luggage to plush bathrobe sets, shampoos etc. All of a sudden
Stayed in this hotel a long time ago before it was the Crown Plaza.  What an improvement!  Rooms are upgraded and modern with great views of the city.  Cheaper than staying downtown but Greektown offer great food and safe place to walk around at night.  This is a high-end hotel but the rooms are expensive.  The experience here was very positive and most important, your family deserves something nicer.
I love downtown in Chicago.  The parking lots, open barter places, movie theaters, restaurants, etc. and I think it's pretty self explanatory. But the place is a bit un-sustainable.  Even the bars and clubs are expensive compared to downtown. For the most part the staff was friendly and helpful and the city is a great place for it.  But at the heart of everything is the callous
Stayed in this hotel a long time ago before it was the Crown Plaza.  What an improvement!  Rooms are upgraded and modern with great views of the city.  Cheaper than staying downtown but Greektown offer great food and safe place to walk around at night. $30 - or more for a night stay at the hotel?  The history, real history, great food, incredible lobby views and fun city views are all reasons why we highly recommend this place.
Dude, like the above description... there is absolutely no room for anyone to stay in the hotel. I checked out and that was about two days ago.I've never been so shocked by the fact that I'm staying here, at a great location, but not in this hotel!!  I've checked out about 30+ times over the past week but this is absolutely zero that I could have learned from.  For those who consider themselves sports-oriented, I would love to stay here, with friends and Family.I'll admit, I'd rather stay in the East room (since I've traveled quite a bit), but that's another story.All of the choices made in this hotel are STILL there.I love the Garden view.It's really nice, it's small, but it's exactly what I would call pretty awesome in my room. I was so caught up on a world-class b/c from Chicago that I couldn't put anything down.You have to get to the Tower of Rome for this spot.I stay in the Suites here, because the hotel was the most booked air-conditioned hotel we've ever stayed at.  It also had the best restaurant we've ever tried (there's nothing like "Ugly Grill!" and it's priced so damn ridiculously right off the shelf you can barely even pick up your lunch!). The front desk seemed kind of reluctant to tell me anything, so I didn't have time to think through it, but after breakfast I just had to tell them.This place is huge and fancy! The corsages, coffee maker, king sized silver chain the king size, manicured shower and living room for daily conversations, kitchen with sizzling sour lime.  Don't forget that the Only Pit!!! level is a lake with pool, pool chairs and all.... I cannot say enough good things about everything at the hotel.I r
Stayed in this hotel a long time ago before it was the Crown Plaza.  What an improvement!  Rooms are upgraded and modern with great views of the city.  Cheaper than staying downtown but Greektown offer great food and safe place to walk around at night.  So for someone like me, traveling around the country visiting a community that people love, this is great!
Room is small.  My rooms are a short walk from the front desk in the city.  The view of Lake Michigan was a pleasant surprise. The place itself is small, but provides a pleasant, clean feeling.  Also, people in the front desk kept coming up with ways to handle the front desk staff for hours.  The restaurant and bathroom are spacious, with lots of seating as well as a lovely pool. But, there are a few other huge issues facing the hotel.  First, the rooms are in a bunch of different rooms.  Not every room has room pillows or any sort of coverings to cover their leggy and aching body.  This may sound like an area you would really want to go to work - but this place costs about $300 more than you would pay in the rest of town. The elevators on the ground floor take almost half an hour to travel to the location and barely get to the front desk in the morning.  I hate that.  The staff there seem to be fantastic, but there is nothing nice about waiting for the elevator to deliver you the money to the front desk.  I rate the room- price right here as a 2 star.  The King Suite or one with the side doors open (you can either open them directly or lock the door with a push of the front desk switch).  The restaurant on the floor definitely needs a restful night.  The lounge would probably be fine if you enjoyed your morning coffee, but it's not recommended unless you are planning to travel a lot to work.  Your hotel and service personnel are a bit wary of giving you home wank
Room type is the classic house. First thing to note: The lobby is small, noisy, and outside looking windows can open at your direction, which makes it the worst hotel I've stayed in yet. I worked in a maintenance office. The concierge for the train was yelling at the employees and there were complaints about the concierge's attitude towards our products. The restaurant was down the street, some rubbish bins in the corner were filled with urine. Not to mention, the rooms were very clean. For my money, I wouldn't recommend any other hotel.  It's a parking garage that parking doesn't matter to me!
I really liked the Oak Lane Inn, and The Erie Hotel. We spent $170.00 for our room and we were glad that it worked out.We had our usual breakfast and then we followed that up with some extra room service, then returned back to the hotel. I have not slept a room on this hotel in three years. I've been here five times, just couldn't be happier!
I've been staying here for a week, due to my floors being redone at my home. The valet lost my car key, then gave me the wrong one.. The food here isn't great, although the Italian place here is good. State and Lake isn't all that good. The bfast isn't worth a penny... The rooms are nice, large for the price.. I a suite, and that was nice.. The technology in the phones in the rooms are a bit to much, to hard to figure out.. I just want to make a call!! They had free WiFi, but then with out notice, they are charging, I didn't like that!! I also had my family with me, and the crib they provided was something you would have found in an old Russian 1950's hospital.. VARY SCARRY!! We didn't end up using it.. Strange they have people get these cribs for hotels, who don't have kids!! All in all, for the price, I would stay here again, but there's a lot to improve on,... but the staff here seem to believe in the service which is getting better.. This place needs to get another upgrade..
This was my first time in Chicago and this hotel helped make the visit a very pleasurable one.  I was attending a conference held in the hotel....the place is huge!  The location couldn't have been better.  My window overlooked the Chicago River (more like a canal).  It was a beautiful area...clean, full of nice restaurants and shopping.  The architecture of the surrounding buildings was spectacular.My room was very comfortable.  The bed was nice.  I had a large flat-screen TV and a nice comfy chair and not-so-comfy couch.  But hey, no real complaints here.  My only real complaint was that the closet was a bit small and the doors make it difficult to get clothes in and out.  (It's almost not worth mentioning!)  The hotel staff were all very nice and helpful.  I received top-notch service.I hope to stay at this hotel the next time I visit Chicago.  (Hopefully not in connection with a conference, rather strictly for play!)  If you're holding a conference here, please be aware that the food is less than desireable.  But the meeting space is wonderful.I highly recommend this for families, business travelers, conventions or singles looking for a good time.  We don't need one star here!
This was my first time in Chicago and this hotel helped make the visit a very pleasurable one.  I was attending a conference held in the hotel....the place is huge!  The location couldn't have been better.  My window overlooked the Chicago River (more like a canal).  It was a beautiful area...clean, full of nice restaurants and shopping.  The architecture of the surrounding buildings was spectacular.My room was very comfortable.  The bed was nice.  I had a large flat-screen TV and a nice comfy chair and not-so-comfy couch.  But hey, no real complaints here.  My only real complaint was that the closet was a bit small and the doors make it difficult to get clothes in and out.  (It's almost not worth mentioning!)  The hotel staff were all very nice and helpful.  I received top-notch service.I hope to stay at this hotel the next time I visit Chicago.  (Hopefully not in connection with a conference, rather strictly for play!)  If you're holding a conference here, please be aware that the food is less than desireable.  But the meeting space is wonderful.I highly recommend this for families, business travelers, conventions or singles looking for a good time.My biggest question is: how much room is that for?  I'm not sure.  The hotel was about $300 a night with room costs and was a bit pricey at $2,500-$3,500 for a small room.  Then again, since this is Chicago, it would have been nice to have some room there in a small room, which would have been nice.  In any event, this place has some real charm and definitely serves a great downtown destination.
This was my first time in Chicago and this hotel helped make the visit a very pleasurable one.  I was attending a conference held in the hotel....the place is huge!  The location couldn't have been better.  My window overlooked the Chicago River (more like a canal).  It was a beautiful area...clean, full of nice restaurants and shopping.  The architecture of the surrounding buildings was spectacular.My room was very comfortable.  The bed was nice.  I had a large flat-screen TV and a nice comfy chair and not-so-comfy couch.  But hey, no real complaints here.  My only real complaint was that the closet was a bit small and the doors make it difficult to get clothes in and out.  (It's almost not worth mentioning!)  The hotel staff were all very nice and helpful.  I received top-notch service.I hope to stay at this hotel the next time I visit Chicago.  (Hopefully not in connection with a conference, rather strictly for play!)  If you're holding a conference here, please be aware that the food is less than desireable.  But the meeting space is wonderful.I highly recommend this for families, business travelers, conventions or singles looking for a good time.
This was my first time in Chicago and this hotel helped make the visit a very pleasurable one.  I was attending a conference held in the hotel....the place is huge!  The location couldn't have been better.  My window overlooked the Chicago River (more like a canal).  It was a beautiful area...clean, full of nice restaurants and shopping.  The architecture of the surrounding buildings was spectacular.My room was very comfortable.  The bed was nice.  I had a large flat-screen TV and a nice comfy chair and not-so-comfy couch.  But hey, no real complaints here.  My only real complaint was that the closet was a bit small and the doors make it difficult to get clothes in and out.  (It's almost not worth mentioning!)  The hotel staff were all very nice and helpful.  I received top-notch service.I hope to stay at this hotel the next time I visit Chicago.  (Hopefully not in connection with a conference, rather strictly for play!)  If you're holding a conference here, please be aware that the food is less than desireable.  But the meeting space is wonderful.I highly recommend this for families, business travelers, conventions or singles looking for a good time.You should also check out Milkshakes!<|endoftext|>
Good hotels in town, good location, good staff, decent rates, great rooms. Good location with a decent location around the corner.Would definitely stay at the Marriott Chicago.  The reasonable price is good, and the 4th floor entertainment is nice, but I could see the bedding shortage in the room.Overall I'll do more trips to the city in the future.
Had the Bliss, which was OK. It is not something I should hold back for when staying a business. The word is that it's spacious but I think this is a small business. They offer small rate and it's the breakfast at the 2 and the staff is really accommodating. The room was huge and the beds were well made and nice. The wine selection was the greatest compliment I've had from my stay, though I'd consider doing the same. Their "how-to" days can be served by visiting
It was just a short stay in a wonderful room. Cleaner and arranged bathroom. The star guest was cool. But some other hotels run closed meetings and this one was truly no exception. No matter what your major expense, stay can be daunting. Besides the room service thing, the rooms are small too. I am 25" tall and the sheets are thin. The design was flat but made to accommodate the old Victorian garages which offered space for some of the much needed refrigeration. The "Cute Room" was clean but old and dated. Breakfast was ok and could have been improved upon but most importantly... was wifi.  If this weren't for the Wifi system installed in the rooms the energy consumption on the bus would surely exceed 80 A.M. per hr. At the rate they are charging for it, people traveling along the OnLine system to I-95 North and L-2 buses could only get to them by car or bus. I am not a fan of cable and so the noise was not off the charts.  While the service was good we did notice it was most important in checking out and returning our customer service requests... but let's be honest we didn't expect that. The Staff held us until 1:45 PM and then their clocks on the 3rd floor informed us that we needed to open our doors until 5:30 PM. In short I would never stay in such a mediocre hotel.I hope the added value of early returns does not cause room-service issues with other guestrooms. Staff are extremely sensitive to the needs of their clients, and as such have great company. The travel photographer of the day took in additional detail on each guestroom with information regarding vacation cost, rooms, beds, linen, towels, gratuity, comfy meals etc...
Hey  - an older family stay on this one. The staff at this hotel's A.T. room were exemplary.  The room itself is excellent - a variety of activities and decorations you'd expect from this Holiday Inn.  The staff loved their pet beds.  And the room itself was comfortable - spacious and clean.  Oh and one tip - The decor was breathtaking - immaculate.  A few years ago when the city of Chicago ran out of "inspired decor" in downtown Chicago, I asked hotel staff for their recommendations on a few of their new city hotel attractions, so I was given a small box that included everything they wanted, minus the bedding.  There are quite a few of them, and by chance I managed to pick up my luggage early the next morning and roll my bags with only a tissue paper towel around my neck.  We will definitely stay at The Mountain Resort again.
This is the closest I'll ever get to a Wolf House for the Wolf race.  The ranch is close by - we didn't expect this, but it would only fit the kids most if we stayed here.  The rooms are clean, so I find it nice that they have a 4 night meal buffet on our side.  Some room service staff, especially the laundry man, is up-to-date on all the info I needed.  A wedding planner actually took photos of the shows I had.  It was a
We came her for after dinner drinks last week and thought the lobby was very trendy.  The waitress was very attractive but hard to find for refills.  It's too bad that they didn't have better seating options, the couches are bit awkward for large groups.  Worth coming back to drink...or at least see a small group of friends here.
We came her for after dinner drinks last week and thought the lobby was very trendy.  The waitress was very attractive but hard to find for refills.  It's too bad that they didn't have better seating options, the couches are bit awkward for large groups.  Worth coming back to drink...especially if you are staying the weekend. The hotel is so impressive that it's almost impossible to miss it.
We came her for after dinner drinks last week and thought the lobby was very trendy.  The waitress was very attractive but hard to find for refills.  It's too bad that they didn't have better seating options, the couches are bit awkward for large groups.  Worth coming back to drink...
Love the shuttle service, but this place needs good rehab, but the roaches are starting to take over
We came her for after dinner drinks last week and thought the lobby was very trendy.  The waitress was very attractive but hard to find for refills.  It's too bad that they didn't have better seating options, the couches are bit awkward for large groups.  Worth coming back to drink...keeping an eye out for the Elephant Tower.  All in all, a great place to stay!
Awesome!!! First time ever in Michigan and had been to 2 locations. First were an excellent price point and very modern amenities. 2 rooms, great service and very accommodating staff. 3 hotels across the street to add some bonus. Awesome customer service.  We made reservations and two packages were delivered. We asked for a room, a companion package, 6 hours of complimentary lodging and the "limited-service" rate. Although I only needed one-time service, we are accustomed to sharing.  Having mentioned above that we loved the hotel, our online shopping cart went away. I left a note for my stay saying the hotel had canceled our reservation or declined payment. The hotel simply said that I needed the place and did not show up.  I asked for a refund, and received two requests for that refund.  The hotel then called me back to inform that I could not get the service it provided.  The next day, I needed an ice-cream maker because the same waitress stated that she needed ice-cream and I needed it within 24 hours of the hotel's notice.  Finally, I checked in and got my
Just left a two day/night stay at the Palmer house & have zero plans to return. The "old charm" of the place is valid, but wears off when your room has no hot water, you end up having to change rooms & then get the worst neighbors in the room next door. Being an older building, you can't expect sound proof rooms, but when the hotel refuses to do anything about your neighbors loud singing, loud talkin & then wild kingdom sounding like mating ritual, well that was under impressive. Mind you this was occurring between 3 & 4 in the morning. Only posting 1 star because the engineer worked really hard trying to fix the hot water issue. Now I have problems with laundry, coming up with the right fix, etc., etc., and it sucks. So I'm not going back.
This is a prime hotel in the city, extremely desirable in my opinion. If I needed anything else it was as bed that we stayed at which was a 45 room, very spacious and well appointed. The staff was cheerful, patient and helpful. I found the entire staff was rather nice and very friendly. You can actually hear the noise with a whirring on your ear. The rooms are spacious with air conditioning, a soft sofa, mini fridge and tv, much needed mini-stereo! The rest of the experience was pleasantly clean and professional. Our rooms are rather large and seem comfortable. The bed is standard for what you need and for those who don't mind taking a bath and sleep on pillows. Our room concierge was kind, attentive, helpful and open. Service was prompt and there were a few nice housekeeping chores we couldn't get the hotel's help with. However, everything was clean and friendly at the usual pace.
Just left a two day/night stay at the Palmer house & have zero plans to return. The "old charm" of the place is valid, but wears off when your room has no hot water, you end up having to change rooms & then get the worst neighbors in the room next door. Being an older building, you can't expect sound proof rooms, but when the hotel refuses to do anything about your neighbors loud singing, loud talkin & then wild kingdom sounding like mating ritual, well that was under impressive. Mind you this was occurring between 3 & 4 in the morning. Only posting 1 star because the engineer worked really hard trying to fix the hot water issue. Great Hotel WON!
Our previous stay here was on a Saturday. It was a rickety mini version with broken windows. The hotel offers a lot of affordable retail. Well, in this case, they recently got the Hotels.com Supercharger since we had made the first trip. Just enjoy the time we had with the company's excellent customer service. Staff  have a nice attitude, but are definitely not looking for an honest attitude. This was the first guest reservation we had in a while and in our 5 years here, we have experienced many customer problems with the hotel. We are here because of the car ride (free in Chicago), grocery shopping (free in Chicago), and so on. Our cabins are sometimes slow but we have never experienced it. Again, the noise & the volumetric atmosphere of our room were comical. When we got to our room, you just can't get up. My husband and I tried to turn on the room light, but could hear the rooms. About two inches of carpet did nothing for a few minutes. Finally, upon our entry, we saw on the floor a T-shirt with black stars. NO NEED TO GET IT. The only thing that made us wonder is if someone on the front desk said a T-shirt would do nothing or if this was a complete rip off of The Shield. Speaking of the front desk (and even if the front desk refuses to take care of everything, the HEWC and WE in the room didn't see anything and, upon closer inspection, they found no signs of an unauthorized use of the website), the room was unoccupied. It was set on the side of a closet, the closet door opening into the room, and it felt like it was being opened. In an attempt to
Just left a two day/night stay at the Palmer house & have zero plans to return. The "old charm" of the place is valid, but wears off when your room has no hot water, you end up having to change rooms & then get the worst neighbors in the room next door. Being an older building, you can't expect sound proof rooms, but when the hotel refuses to do anything about your neighbors loud singing, loud talkin & then wild kingdom sounding like mating ritual, well that was under impressive. Mind you this was occurring between 3 & 4 in the morning. Only posting 1 star because the engineer worked really hard trying to fix the hot water issue. The decor (which is obviously something of a plus for me) is seedy and dated and the rooms don't look as clean or well maintained as I'd like. If you're staying here, be sure to get a letter of recommendation from WIP&F recommending going to the "Clean Room" (Wifi and Timer Locker) and this will be a MUST.
I love my stay here - they offer a continental breakfast every morning & have 2 LITERALLY HOT & I LOVE MY LITERALLY HOT FRESH HOT AIRS!!!! There was a pet on the way, and I ate there on the 10th for the 6th and we stayed at 4 stars because we know the outdoor seating is not there.I have never left a four star hotel but I would never recommend it to anyone. If you want a great, inexpensive hotel stay, here are a few suggestions from Hotel Herald for you.1. Walmart gets a 10% discount on reservations. 2. IF your reservation doesn't include Hot Water, you can always just ask for a Clean Room. That doesn't make a difference here - a hot water shower would still be needed.3. You MUST arrive early - it is THE WORST SELLING LITERALLY LITERALLY FLIP THROUGH THE STAIRS! I was at a Marriott last month and one of my friends came in with the siren...literally, with a dirty bag, one step outside of the door and she just got pulled in front of us. Everyone! And wow, just look at her shoes. You could hardly hear them even when she was being spooked and looked away. What a joke. That being said, I still find the hotel funny and I'm going to stay here again with my friend
Just left a two day/night stay at the Palmer house & have zero plans to return. The "old charm" of the place is valid, but wears off when your room has no hot water, you end up having to change rooms & then get the worst neighbors in the room next door. Being an older building, you can't expect sound proof rooms, but when the hotel refuses to do anything about your neighbors loud singing, loud talkin & then wild kingdom sounding like mating ritual, well that was under impressive. Mind you this was occurring between 3 & 4 in the morning. Only posting 1 star because the engineer worked really hard trying to fix the hot water issue. A 3 star the hotel charge for a room that we checked out of may have really reduced our room supply. I'm sure this is only the beginning. One thing is for sure, the Palmer house is not for all what it appears. Stayers will appreciate the parking around (it is quite easy to park there and hear the lake), but the pay-to-park rates are just laughable.
This Chicago hotel is fantastic, but like many top Chicago hotels, it was booked free or even for delivery. i made a reservation for our guest room at a free 3 nights in a row in the King Concourse. Each time they showed up we ran into a customer, so when we finally called the manager of the hotel, they brought us in for a refund. On the front of the desk a text telling us the check was placed at 2:30 in the morning: 4hrs & $120 for delivery.  Soon after, someone we've never met at the hotel insisted on a booking.  No excuses! So we ended up calling the front desk and a manager told me we were charged an extra $95 for customer service, not recommended upon reservation.  Worst of all, it was the only free event we got. Who would expect something like that??? Our money was spent! They will gladly leave us behind in Chicago, considering that for more than two nights, they do not offer more free events than on-site!
I attended the Chicago Marriott yesterday evening and I only booked the flight the day before for the morning room. The area for views is excellent - available until 10am from State Street and all the way across Chicago, from Lawrence Avenue. If you want a walk in neighborhood, a dollar goes a long way. The hotel is designed, decorated, and designed for kids - which makes it a great place to stay. Wifi has a 50/50 rate, double bunk makes for a great breakfast - comfy stay, less expensive bed sheets, good towels and pillow. The rest of the cost for staying was well worth it, though I would rate it A+++. Thanks again for staying at the Chicago Marriott!
I stayed with a group at Congress Hotel in early December, and we loved it. We booked 2 rooms, each with 2 double beds on the 6th floor. The room rate was excellent. With tax, it came to about $130 per room, per night. Parking was not included, but for $28 (split among a few of us) the Congress will park your car in a secure lot overnight with the option to pick it up late afternoon the next day. Considering the Congress is smack in the middle of the South Loop, I'd say this was a pretty huge convenience. We could get brunch the next morning without having to worry about feeding a meter or moving our car.The inside of the hotel is a bit "The Shining," but luckily a lot less creepy. It's very old. The hallways are long and off-white, but clean and warm. The rooms were very clean, with high ceilings and lots of outlets (small, old ones, but lots!). The bathroom was a decent size and yet again, very clean and well-stocked with towels and soaps.There was a nice-sized TV, a huge closet, a very large desk and multiple chairs. Our room overlooked the Auditorium Theater and a corner of Michigan Avenue. We stayed on a Friday night and the hotel was busy, lots of groups of twenty-somethings as guests. This was fine with us. Oddly enough, even though the hotel is old, the walls are not very thin, and we did not hear much noise from inside our rooms. We even took our time exploring each floor and the ballrooms, service stairways, and so on -- the hotel is full of awesome history. Make friends with the bellhop & security guard...you might get some scary stories outta those guys!The only thing that did *not* please me was the unfriendly desk ass
I stayed with a group at Congress Hotel in early December, and we loved it. We booked 2 rooms, each with 2 double beds on the 6th floor. The room rate was excellent. With tax, it came to about $130 per room, per night. Parking was not included, but for $28 (split among a few of us) the Congress will park your car in a secure lot overnight with the option to pick it up late afternoon the next day. Considering the Congress is smack in the middle of the South Loop, I'd say this was a pretty huge convenience. We could get brunch the next morning without having to worry about feeding a meter or moving our car.The inside of the hotel is a bit "The Shining," but luckily a lot less creepy. It's very old. The hallways are long and off-white, but clean and warm. The rooms were very clean, with high ceilings and lots of outlets (small, old ones, but lots!). The bathroom was a decent size and yet again, very clean and well-stocked with towels and soaps.There was a nice-sized TV, a huge closet, a very large desk and multiple chairs. Our room overlooked the Auditorium Theater and a corner of Michigan Avenue. We stayed on a Friday night and the hotel was busy, lots of groups of twenty-somethings as guests. This was fine with us. Oddly enough, even though the hotel is old, the walls are not very thin, and we did not hear much noise from inside our rooms. We even took our time exploring each floor and the ballrooms, service stairways, and so on -- the hotel is full of awesome history. Make friends with the bellhop & security guard...you might get some scary stories outta those guys!The only thing that did *not* please me was the unfriendly desk ass
I stayed with a group at Congress Hotel in early December, and we loved it. We booked 2 rooms, each with 2 double beds on the 6th floor. The room rate was excellent. With tax, it came to about $130 per room, per night. Parking was not included, but for $28 (split among a few of us) the Congress will park your car in a secure lot overnight with the option to pick it up late afternoon the next day. Considering the Congress is smack in the middle of the South Loop, I'd say this was a pretty huge convenience. We could get brunch the next morning without having to worry about feeding a meter or moving our car.The inside of the hotel is a bit "The Shining," but luckily a lot less creepy. It's very old. The hallways are long and off-white, but clean and warm. The rooms were very clean, with high ceilings and lots of outlets (small, old ones, but lots!). The bathroom was a decent size and yet again, very clean and well-stocked with towels and soaps.There was a nice-sized TV, a huge closet, a very large desk and multiple chairs. Our room overlooked the Auditorium Theater and a corner of Michigan Avenue. We stayed on a Friday night and the hotel was busy, lots of groups of twenty-somethings as guests. This was fine with us. Oddly enough, even though the hotel is old, the walls are not very thin, and we did not hear much noise from inside our rooms. We even took our time exploring each floor and the ballrooms, service stairways, and so on -- the hotel is full of awesome history. Make friends with the bellhop & security guard...you might get some scary stories outta those guys!The only thing that did *not* please me was the unfriendly desk ass
I stayed with a group at Congress Hotel in early December, and we loved it. We booked 2 rooms, each with 2 double beds on the 6th floor. The room rate was excellent. With tax, it came to about $130 per room, per night. Parking was not included, but for $28 (split among a few of us) the Congress will park your car in a secure lot overnight with the option to pick it up late afternoon the next day. Considering the Congress is smack in the middle of the South Loop, I'd say this was a pretty huge convenience. We could get brunch the next morning without having to worry about feeding a meter or moving our car.The inside of the hotel is a bit "The Shining," but luckily a lot less creepy. It's very old. The hallways are long and off-white, but clean and warm. The rooms were very clean, with high ceilings and lots of outlets (small, old ones, but lots!). The bathroom was a decent size and yet again, very clean and well-stocked with towels and soaps.There was a nice-sized TV, a huge closet, a very large desk and multiple chairs. Our room overlooked the Auditorium Theater and a corner of Michigan Avenue. We stayed on a Friday night and the hotel was busy, lots of groups of twenty-somethings as guests. This was fine with us. Oddly enough, even though the hotel is old, the walls are not very thin, and we did not hear much noise from inside our rooms. We even took our time exploring each floor and the ballrooms, service stairways, and so on -- the hotel is full of awesome history. Make friends with the bellhop & security guard...you might get some scary stories outta those guys!The only thing that did *not* please me was the unfriendly desk ass
So much for the W experience! I am so grateful that I did not have to pay out of my own pocket to stay here. They try to make the hotel look trendy, but it doesn't work.To start with, the room itself feels so dirty & cheap. It's so small too. Having the bathroom barely separated with the rest by the wooden windows was a terrible idea. The hall way, the common area, and the whiskey bar all have the same problem: way too dark! Slightly dimmed is cool & make it feel sexy, but this make it feel like a cave! The hotel staffs are way too cocky because they think they work at a cool hotel.  Come on, do your job & accommodate the guests first! The lobby is not as nice as the picture. In fact, it's very chaotic there.I found out this place used to be a Days Inn, go figure!  All that sleezy decor could not cover up what it really is. I was pretty embarrassed that I invited a girl to this hotel with me. The only good thing about it is location - close walking distance to all major attractions.  I expect it to be a ghost town. It has a big and impressive museum... and the best busses there have ever been! Best of all, the beds are only 2 stories, a tad bit smaller than the hotel room for a 4 bedroom room. It was supposed to be light and close to the river, but never that cozy. Overall, I highly recommend this place!
So much for the W experience! I am so grateful that I did not have to pay out of my own pocket to stay here. They try to make the hotel look trendy, but it doesn't work.To start with, the room itself feels so dirty & cheap. It's so small too. Having the bathroom barely separated with the rest by the wooden windows was a terrible idea. The hall way, the common area, and the whiskey bar all have the same problem: way too dark! Slightly dimmed is cool & make it feel sexy, but this make it feel like a cave! The hotel staffs are way too cocky because they think they work at a cool hotel.  Come on, do your job & accommodate the guests first! The lobby is not as nice as the picture. In fact, it's very chaotic there.I found out this place used to be a Days Inn, go figure!  All that sleezy decor could not cover up what it really is. I was pretty embarrassed that I invited a girl to this hotel with me. The only good thing about it is location - close walking distance to all major attractions. Overall, I am pretty satisfied with my stay, and I'm sure I'll return next time I go to Chicago or anywhere in the Midwest.
I got this place from reviews and everything so I made it to the end of my stay with two friends. My daughter arrived at 3pm and was greeted on the front steps by one of the above guys. He asked the room attendant to bring the king size bed. A part of me wanted to think that I was out of my mind - I don't want to sleep in a king size bed. I looked at her mani it was not right - after more than two hours I couldn't find what the king size bed was doing.I don't know what I'll do about this hotel. I would stay somewhere else - what a waste.
So much for the W experience! I am so grateful that I did not have to pay out of my own pocket to stay here. They try to make the hotel look trendy, but it doesn't work.To start with, the room itself feels so dirty & cheap. It's so small too. Having the bathroom barely separated with the rest by the wooden windows was a terrible idea. The hall way, the common area, and the whiskey bar all have the same problem: way too dark! Slightly dimmed is cool & make it feel sexy, but this make it feel like a cave! The hotel staffs are way too cocky because they think they work at a cool hotel.  Come on, do your job & accommodate the guests first! The lobby is not as nice as the picture. In fact, it's very chaotic there.I found out this place used to be a Days Inn, go figure!  All that sleezy decor could not cover up what it really is. I was pretty embarrassed that I invited a girl to this hotel with me. The only good thing about it is location - close walking distance to all major attractions.  Downtown and Marriot Plaza are also nice and the traffic just makes the room feel like a gas station! Overall, I highly recommend it to anyone staying in the Downtown area and, a final note: stay elsewhere!
Woot. Not sure what I would have expected, but I wanted something luxurious.  First up was the Bellwood.  Bellwood's business center was perfect for me as it was close to the State Line and I enjoyed the view of the North Loop. The hotel itself was very classy, size wasn't small, and spacious. Plus, I had a wine settee and champagne watch (oops, the royal blue in the tube glasses!). I had a great time at the Bellwoods because I was able
So much for the W experience! I am so grateful that I did not have to pay out of my own pocket to stay here. They try to make the hotel look trendy, but it doesn't work.To start with, the room itself feels so dirty & cheap. It's so small too. Having the bathroom barely separated with the rest by the wooden windows was a terrible idea. The hall way, the common area, and the whiskey bar all have the same problem: way too dark! Slightly dimmed is cool & make it feel sexy, but this make it feel like a cave! The hotel staffs are way too cocky because they think they work at a cool hotel.  Come on, do your job & accommodate the guests first! The lobby is not as nice as the picture. In fact, it's very chaotic there.I found out this place used to be a Days Inn, go figure!  All that sleezy decor could not cover up what it really is. I was pretty embarrassed that I invited a girl to this hotel with me. The only good thing about it is location - close walking distance to all major attractions.
I really liked how much this place changed every year. When I visited for my wedding in 2014, I was greeted with a filled-out cookie jar filled with the worst reviews ever for a wedding I attended: to the Travelocity Chicago. The only thing that made me think differently was how much they changed over the years.
We just stayed at the Seneca.  It was awesome.  The room was huge, king bed, living room, dinning room and galley kitchen.  So much nicer than I had expected for $99 per night.  The room was clean and quite.  The staff was very helpful and friendly.The only reason I did not give five stars is because the TV in the bedroom made a loud buzzing sound.We will definitely stay at the Seneca again and I am telling all of my friends and family about it.  I am still on the move so get ready for new trains.
I've stayed at some great hotels in the past and I'm always up for exploring the Chicago skyline. I truly hope this location gets to stay there for long enough to see the huge and well-equipped luxury modern American buildings, the Grant Park golf course, the and Broadway lights, etc.  Best of all is that this place has definitely saved my vacation. The views from the Chicago River, just across the river from the Millennium tower, are really cool and the views can be enjoyed at the nearby North End.  Wifi is what I use frequently, I have several options. We've tried wifi via the new http://wireless.com.  The rooms are serene and clean, the bathrooms are clean and convenient for all sexual orientations. The movies they play are never left unattended but there are also plenty of smoking rooms. To sum up the hotel experience, here are the important things that have helped me through my stay.  Look out for the hotel entrance. I'd rather stay on top of a foot bridge than play more seriously in a hotel elevator.  The overhangs in the hallway were definitely the worst part of the experience.  Our hotel room number was nonfunctional and beyond frustrating for a clean room.  We were charged a $11/night advance and couldn't walk to the lobby due to poor service.  The rooms were overly clean, dirty, stained
We just stayed at the Seneca.  It was awesome.  The room was huge, king bed, living room, dinning room and galley kitchen.  So much nicer than I had expected for $99 per night.  The room was clean and quite.  The staff was very helpful and friendly.The only reason I did not give five stars is because the TV in the bedroom made a loud buzzing sound.We will definitely stay at the Seneca again and I am telling all of my friends and family about it.  This location and others like it can keep you occupied in a city where too many guys are sitting on toilet paper and unsure what to do.If I had to guess, I would go back.  This place is never good.  They want you to be in the city.
I have heard these guys walk around topless for me in places like Chicago and Wrigley when I am in Chicago and around. I usually stay at Four Guys and I have to take my in depth walk in front of the gaudy, TV's, urinal, lockers, sinks.. Are the people there kidding me?  No.  The hotel staff in front of my hotel after 30+/day stay should know better. The decor is poor, the flooring is very dusty and the spa didn't treat us well. The guests are late cleaning this place clean so every once in awhile I wake up and am supposed to be let out of the room.  The room in the Embassy hallway is moldy and clean (after a few days of using it as a meeting place, don't leave. Don't sleep in there unless you really need a break.). I couldn't afford to stay here again because the hotel does not offer free beverages at the rates we want.  Our rooms were a small size, and no scoops of foam padding the front of the room helped at all.  It was a 2 night stay and we were going to be back sometime next year.  I don't know if this is a real issue with this hotel or just a random incident. Thank you.
We just stayed at the Seneca.  It was awesome.  The room was huge, king bed, living room, dinning room and galley kitchen.  So much nicer than I had expected for $99 per night.  The room was clean and quite.  The staff was very helpful and friendly.The only reason I did not give five stars is because the TV in the bedroom made a loud buzzing sound.We will definitely stay at the Seneca again and I am telling all of my friends and family about it.  I'll definitely be returning once I'm over Michigan.
Room was really nice and i could hear the sounds of the floor, mattress and floor.Families staying here had reasonable expectations, considering how large they were and their large size bed! Fortunately the W Hotel was just so friendly and accommodating! We came across Davenport West & the W Hotel within walking distance. This hotel is more expensive but definitely worth the three star!
Great Hotel, Great Room, Great Service!I have stayed at many of the great hotels in Chicago, including the one in the W Marriott and the Marriott/Wilshire/Bradley hotel...but not the W. Marriott. They used to be known for its great indoor air conditioning, but because of bad business they've taken a step to slow this down a bit.  This hotel is terrible, it sucks the life out of all of us and most of us will get nothing but the same.
Love my room in downtown Miami. Rooms are always very nice. I thought that the staff would treat us nicely. Btw, there is the Jacuzzi. Room is great in a nice area. I have to mention the coffee maker is perfect for coffee. And when the bellhops arrive, there is a caddy placed near the back of the room to carry coffee. Service is friendly, and my wife was so impressed with our cab that she convinced us she couldn't stay there without one. We chatted online and the staff also complimented us on our luxurious hotel-like decor. Would definitely stay back next time we are vacationing in the U.S.
My boyfriend and I took a quick nap after we had given up work, due to the lack of sleep. A new bedroom and a clean room after one of the man's dined at a upscale boutique in Chicago were just how we thought. Our room was well pillows-tight and our service were average, but that's about all I had expected.  We arrived early, to avoid heading to sleep early. We booked an overnight flight to Chicago and the gate deposit would need to be done early. Upon arrival, we were taken aback to hear the door open at 3:15 PM. Soon, we realized we were inside a haunted hotel and we asked for directions. (It is conveniently located in a beautiful yet remote town.  The rest of the hotel is within walking distance) When I asked around, they realized we didn't know and were annoyed. I suggest that you call ahead if you are outside and ask the front desk if you see any problems. I gave them the chance to put us into my room, to which they promptly stated: "We aren't usually in for the creepy stuff."  Don't listen to the airport traffic, this is
Took us to much easier accomodations, a little hidden bathroom, an elegant lobby and toi-fit bed after we had sleeped in there for two. Did I mention it was super hot at the front desk? I had no idea how the free coffee is cooked. Staff was so helpful and friendly as always.
Just a review on another review..Pretty bad looking, well designed and easily forgotten, but there's no way around that. When we stayed here, they promised us all the rooms with mini coffee machines, so I expected to walk by every time I got to the front desk. To our chagrin, they were completely uninterested in paying us for coffee before they moved in. The walls are like an old  pocket watch with no limits at all. The place definitely needs a big renovation if the staff has to make any additional changes.If this is the start of something else besides cheap mistakes, it's a broken system we're going to need from the city of Chicago. If you're going to go here for the added visual appeal of live music then we recommend checking out West End Chicago!! Stay here!
My boyfriend and I just stayed in this hotel last weekend, and can I tell you what a pleasent surprise it was.Between the price I paid (very little considering location), the location, and the incrediably friendly staff, I could not have been happier. Some quick positive tidbits: felt very safe and secure, they had safes in each room, the kithcenette proved very helpful, the water was always hot, asked for some extra towels and pillows, and were delivered to me within 5 minutes, and the rooms were very cleanSome quick negative tidbits: bathroom was a tiny bit crowded (but the shower was very good size), free breakfast was not very good.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who was on a budget and wanting to be right in the action!Its located in the heart of downtown Manhattan, just 45 minutes walking from downtown and the most visited shopping location in the country. It is gorgeous!
I love this hotel!! Not satisfied with this one for the price for the space, most importantly the parking is cheap too. I knew the rooms were so small but they weren't terrible either, no seating and the food was fantastic. The staff is a bunch of kids and everyone treated us well! The maids here are always nice and very friendly. The front desk also explained to me how to use taxis and had the service for me. I had the room rented from someone else through a website, so I thought they were cool.I never feel rushed after a visit to a cute hotel, but we tried it again, and this time we all had the same problem with running out of room.  They put us in the shower and treated us like monkeys for 10 minutes. One small thing we did however was flush a few scabs out of our own sink and let them rest until we cleaned it off before entering it. One day, when we returned, the treatment was uneven, the water was in hot water and the curtains didn't even move once.  The staff was very friendly, made us feel special, and gave us great drinks.  Our only complaint was that we had a stolen pillows in the tub with our old valuables, as they offered up room service if we had missed that night.  But, we both wanted it back, and wanted the same location.
After a long flight in from Philadelphia, I expected to arrive at a four star hotel that would accommodate my every need. When I first arrived at the hotel, there were three hotel staff smoking in front of the building swearing left and right about how much they hate their jobs and their management.  I tried to shrug the rudeness of the staff off and continued to the front desk where a woman seemed to be annoyed by my arrival. She had been speaking with a gentle man at the front desk for my entire entrance from the front door and did not excuse herself from the conversation once I was  in front of her. I checked in fairly fine besides the awkward silence from the girl at the front desk who didn't seem to understand that I was more important than her previous conversation.  I arrived at my closet of a room and could not believe how small it actually was. I had no space to unpack and definitely no space to do my morning exercise. I am usually a very easy going person, but I expect to get great service when I decide to spend a little extra money on a four star hotel. For a $100 per night hotel I think the Marriott Inn could be worth it. The room size is simply not right for me at this price point. The room stayed tight and actually came within an inch of dropping my garbage can from the ceiling onto my head.  Just the luxury of the room. The carpet just cannot stay together at the front desk or even close. The receptionist got me a room with front desk sitting on the side and chair next to me and we could not afford an oversized bar stool. I was even told that I did not even have a seat in the second tier of the hotel. I had to resort
After a long flight in from Philadelphia, I expected to arrive at a four star hotel that would accommodate my every need. When I first arrived at the hotel, there were three hotel staff smoking in front of the building swearing left and right about how much they hate their jobs and their management.  I tried to shrug the rudeness of the staff off and continued to the front desk where a woman seemed to be annoyed by my arrival. She had been speaking with a gentle man at the front desk for my entire entrance from the front door and did not excuse herself from the conversation once I was  in front of her. I checked in fairly fine besides the awkward silence from the girl at the front desk who didn't seem to understand that I was more important than her previous conversation.  I arrived at my closet of a room and could not believe how small it actually was. I had no space to unpack and definitely no space to do my morning exercise. I am usually a very easy going person, but I expect to get great service when I decide to spend a little extra money on a four star hotel. Luckily, I was able to have some savings in my credit card account and started shopping again a few weeks later.The room was clean and tidy.  Room service was solid and it was very bright. The TV was very good and the refrigerator from the previous nights had a nice/late charge. Next to the breakfast, I had three eggs and 3 mini cheeses.  I also had 2 servings of wine and one fruit drink for dessert. The room was simple and relaxing.  The staff could provide advice for staying at the hotel, make suggestions for travel costs and request a seat.  The service, shopping, free
After a long flight in from Philadelphia, I expected to arrive at a four star hotel that would accommodate my every need. When I first arrived at the hotel, there were three hotel staff smoking in front of the building swearing left and right about how much they hate their jobs and their management.  I tried to shrug the rudeness of the staff off and continued to the front desk where a woman seemed to be annoyed by my arrival. She had been speaking with a gentle man at the front desk for my entire entrance from the front door and did not excuse herself from the conversation once I was  in front of her. I checked in fairly fine besides the awkward silence from the girl at the front desk who didn't seem to understand that I was more important than her previous conversation.  I arrived at my closet of a room and could not believe how small it actually was. I had no space to unpack and definitely no space to do my morning exercise. I am usually a very easy going person, but I expect to get great service when I decide to spend a little extra money on a four star hotel. My room is not THAT small. It is very loud and the windows are not being accomodating. The room is only 90-degree since I know it is, which means I am used to it. They did not expect me to be so isolated. I will never go back to this hotel again. I do not recommend this location to anyone and I understand that I am not even leaving this world for a Chicago good time.
Never found a better deal at Castle Heart. My boyfriend and I were in the lobby to check out a wedding in the Chicago for about $10,000! This hotel really is one of the best hotels in the Chicago area. This is a cool boutique hotel that has 90 rooms, two of which are within walking distance of each other, plus a completely new design.  The decor, the service, and the location make this a top rated hotel
I'm going out on a limb to give it three, as the hotel has potential.  It needs some reinvestment and better help.I don't know if the housekeeping and food service has to do with the strike, but I suspect not.  I stayed there in 1984 when it was the Americana Congress, and it was a little tired and dingy back then.  I don't expect a posh resort, especially at the price point of Congress. If it were up to its full potential, I would have to pay two or three times the rate, as you might expect to pay for a room in the Gold Coast or on the river.  But at the minimum, it is in need of new carpeting and better housekeeping.  I didn't feel comfortable walking anywhere in the room bare-foot.  The complimentary breakfast was mediocre, and the food servers were friendly but not terribly professional or efficient.   On a positive note, the location is great for tourists.  Bus lines, taxis and trains are all within easy walking distance, and it's right in the middle of the great museums and parks.  I would say it's a good location for the beginner who would like to see the more popular attractions, just bring flip-flops and spend the extra money and have your breakfast in a cafe nearby.I would not rule out the possibility of staying there again, but if I can find a comparable rate for a place in a geographically desireable location, I'll look at it.<|endoftext|>
I'm going out on a limb to give it three, as the hotel has potential.  It needs some reinvestment and better help.I don't know if the housekeeping and food service has to do with the strike, but I suspect not.  I stayed there in 1984 when it was the Americana Congress, and it was a little tired and dingy back then.  I don't expect a posh resort, especially at the price point of Congress. If it were up to its full potential, I would have to pay two or three times the rate, as you might expect to pay for a room in the Gold Coast or on the river.  But at the minimum, it is in need of new carpeting and better housekeeping.  I didn't feel comfortable walking anywhere in the room bare-foot.  The complimentary breakfast was mediocre, and the food servers were friendly but not terribly professional or efficient.   On a positive note, the location is great for tourists.  Bus lines, taxis and trains are all within easy walking distance, and it's right in the middle of the great museums and parks.  I would say it's a good location for the beginner who would like to see the more popular attractions, just bring flip-flops and spend the extra money and have your breakfast in a cafe nearby.I would not rule out the possibility of staying there again, but if I can find a comparable rate for a place in a geographically desireable location, I'll look at it.
Nice hotel.  The breakfast was truly wonderful!  The rooms are cool and comfy, and there was also very little service on the street.  Great location for checking out, even if you don't want to go to the Museum of the American Art or the Shrine of the Twin Towers.  The pool (i.e. other than about 40 feet from where we stayed) was really nice.  There were a few bars which were a little small but even there they were comfortable.  Really really did everything I could do without getting up because I couldn't eat a steak and it was so
I'm going out on a limb to give it three, as the hotel has potential.  It needs some reinvestment and better help.I don't know if the housekeeping and food service has to do with the strike, but I suspect not.  I stayed there in 1984 when it was the Americana Congress, and it was a little tired and dingy back then.  I don't expect a posh resort, especially at the price point of Congress. If it were up to its full potential, I would have to pay two or three times the rate, as you might expect to pay for a room in the Gold Coast or on the river.  But at the minimum, it is in need of new carpeting and better housekeeping.  I didn't feel comfortable walking anywhere in the room bare-foot.  The complimentary breakfast was mediocre, and the food servers were friendly but not terribly professional or efficient.   On a positive note, the location is great for tourists.  Bus lines, taxis and trains are all within easy walking distance, and it's right in the middle of the great museums and parks.  I would say it's a good location for the beginner who would like to see the more popular attractions, just bring flip-flops and spend the extra money and have your breakfast in a cafe nearby.I would not rule out the possibility of staying there again, but if I can find a comparable rate for a place in a geographically desireable location, I'll look at it. If you're looking for a quick motel anywhere in the downtown area or a cheap room at your local diner, then consider the Cafe Ramen.com.***My only negative points in terms of stay were the heat.  Not dissimilar to the Chicago-ish, Chicago Avenue is far from a 5, but it's a pretty mediocre building
I'm going out on a limb to give it three, as the hotel has potential.  It needs some reinvestment and better help.I don't know if the housekeeping and food service has to do with the strike, but I suspect not.  I stayed there in 1984 when it was the Americana Congress, and it was a little tired and dingy back then.  I don't expect a posh resort, especially at the price point of Congress. If it were up to its full potential, I would have to pay two or three times the rate, as you might expect to pay for a room in the Gold Coast or on the river.  But at the minimum, it is in need of new carpeting and better housekeeping.  I didn't feel comfortable walking anywhere in the room bare-foot.  The complimentary breakfast was mediocre, and the food servers were friendly but not terribly professional or efficient.   On a positive note, the location is great for tourists.  Bus lines, taxis and trains are all within easy walking distance, and it's right in the middle of the great museums and parks.  I would say it's a good location for the beginner who would like to see the more popular attractions, just bring flip-flops and spend the extra money and have your breakfast in a cafe nearby.I would not rule out the possibility of staying there again, but if I can find a comparable rate for a place in a geographically desireable location, I'll look at it.
Room comfortable, quiet, bed and linens first rate.  TV large, bath clean, furnishing comfortable, Wifi $14 per day extra. Front desk service great, luggage hold for room service not handicap friendly.  Room looked very nice.  Now in its remodel as well with features, this is a truly stunning and functional location.  With our bags pulled from the floor, bags, washer and dryer, towels and towels all cleaned, put away bag, basket and nice clothes.  Place made very clean and had gorgeous views.  Security bar & check points with doors are located in very nice room.  Rooms are very clean, clean and easy to clean.Nice restaurant up the alley.  Staff  awesome and the restaurants are phenomenal.  The views are amazing.  Totally beat the rest of our city.  Water ill use, Chicago doesn't shower all the time.WiFi only available when internet is available.
This hotel is walking distance to airport by walk of bank. I stayed at this place two months ago, went through several levels of experience and I can still tell you that your stay at both of these hotels is worth the price of admission.The majority of rooms that were offered were on the very tiny side (at room nook and door). We checked in, at 2 pm, we were placed into the large only room at 4pm. We then found out that it was not working and that the floor had a soft cleaning.  Our mistake was when I checked in my room- after walking back in, I noticed that there was a TON of dirt under the sink. I checked in again at 12 pm, not sure if it was right or if I'm taking water out of the sink.
I rated this four stars because while I have been to much nicer hotels the Hyatt hotel is also a very nice hotel. The location is perfect surrounded by everything you need! The staff is very helpful and nice. Their beds are comfy and the rooms are a nice size. My favorite part of the hotel is their athletic/ pool area, one of the best! Its big enough for a large group of people. The pool holds a lot of people comfortably, and that it really important. I enjoyed all of their facilities including their sauna! -Dionne Gatling. The lounge in the lobby was lovely. My girlfriend and I stayed with her and her husband for dinner. The staff was very friendly and helpful. They got me water and food.  On a personal note, my only regret would be traveling on a business trip, this experience I really enjoyed. -Rachel
I rated this four stars because while I have been to much nicer hotels the Hyatt hotel is also a very nice hotel. The location is perfect surrounded by everything you need! The staff is very helpful and nice. Their beds are comfy and the rooms are a nice size. My favorite part of the hotel is their athletic/ pool area, one of the best! Its big enough for a large group of people. The pool holds a lot of people comfortably, and that it really important. I enjoyed all of their facilities including their sauna! -Dionne Gatling. Thank you  Joliet Springs Hotel
I've been staying here on Saturday and I really enjoyed it. The staff is friendly, friendly and friendly. I found the concierge a room in the back by the front desk after getting pulled over. The view from the front desk was pretty cool and I was so impressed! I believe that the wine bar (with some beef on it) was popular with many guests and was certainly worth the price! They really enjoy the club scene right around this corner. Parking is pretty simple. During my stay I needed to stay on one side of the town for a 9pm traffic block and for what I paid for it - parking. (I thought I was only taking this so I am going to stay here for a short walk through downtown). However, once I got to the concierge/restaurant/bars/cars he called and said that it was safe to go across street to where he was sleeping and that I should put my luggage in the elevator instead of moving my bags. Next time I'll go to go see my friends. I did get a room at the hotel - the closet was only 9X18" and the king size and barely exposed window was small.  I also had no room in the corner.The staff is very friendly and helpful, and they know what they're doing. It's definitely a good location for a Holiday Inn. -Evan.  Great location.   Clean and clean. -Bob Jr.  Great location.    Two stars. Definitely worth a look!
I rated this four stars because while I have been to much nicer hotels the Hyatt hotel is also a very nice hotel. The location is perfect surrounded by everything you need! The staff is very helpful and nice. Their beds are comfy and the rooms are a nice size. My favorite part of the hotel is their athletic/ pool area, one of the best! Its big enough for a large group of people. The pool holds a lot of people comfortably, and that it really important. I enjoyed all of their facilities including their sauna! -Dionne Gatling. -Sharon Ginsburg.
The Room with a much higher rate than the Center is a lot of room.  It's right across the street from Starbucks.  The room is large enough, but not too big.  It wasn't great or comfortable but it was nice to be able to walk around in it and walk around.  I definitely think the place will be revisited.  It has an Italian (the name is actually from the mid-80s), small diner (one of the one in Chinatown), semi-ruined bars, etc.  Plus, it has a cab pool.
I rated this four stars because while I have been to much nicer hotels the Hyatt hotel is also a very nice hotel. The location is perfect surrounded by everything you need! The staff is very helpful and nice. Their beds are comfy and the rooms are a nice size. My favorite part of the hotel is their athletic/ pool area, one of the best! Its big enough for a large group of people. The pool holds a lot of people comfortably, and that it really important. I enjoyed all of their facilities including their sauna! -Dionne Gatling.
I booked my stay here to celebrate Halloween and held my son and I up at the movies (starbucks was nice enough). There were a few people who were really complimentary, but I was bothered by the noise and location (even though I live 10 blocks away). So the view was mediocre, while the restaurant and bar scene is refreshing. I also found that there were Starbucks near the front desk if the room wasn't working.  The room was small and somewhat small by 20cm, but I really liked the addition of a pillow case and pillow base to the room, and they really bring you different activities and beverages as well as personal care items to keep you happy for the night. Again, not recommended. I highly recommend this hotel.
If you like waiting, this hotel is for you.  Due to so many rooms/people in the hotel, you will always wait for an elevator.  Getting coffee or breakfast is like navigating a sidewalk in NYC.  Good luck with trying to enjoy a beverage in the afternoon.  Long line.  Better take your smartphone...  The hotel lost my dry cleaning and messed up my checkout/receipt.  Good grief!  Worst of all was the Internet access of the staff.  All other customers were very friendly and even helped out.  The windows looked awesome and very bright.  I would consider staying there again in a heartbeat.
If you like waiting, this hotel is for you.  Due to so many rooms/people in the hotel, you will always wait for an elevator.  Getting coffee or breakfast is like navigating a sidewalk in NYC.  Good luck with trying to enjoy a beverage in the afternoon.  Long line.  Better take your smartphone...  The hotel lost my dry cleaning and messed up my checkout/receipt.  Good grief!
If you like waiting, this hotel is for you.  Due to so many rooms/people in the hotel, you will always wait for an elevator.  Getting coffee or breakfast is like navigating a sidewalk in NYC.  Good luck with trying to enjoy a beverage in the afternoon.  Long line.  Better take your smartphone...  The hotel lost my dry cleaning and messed up my checkout/receipt.  Good grief!
Great hotel if you dont mind wait time!! I stayed here last weekend when my wife and I moved from FL.  My husband and I chose this place for a wedding anniversary.  We also loved that the decor  is gorgeous.  The bathrooms are right down to the floor, cute little isle in the hallway.  We enjoy food & drinks too!! So I definitely want to stay here again and will recommend it! I got the Deluxe Day Inn which has the good stuff.  Check in is done so you should be comfortable but with a wide range of channels (mic/video, online etc) in the room.The room itself is impressive.  They had beds made of six beds including an over bed and a 10'x12' desk which is cool.  You can see your room through the glass windows.  And while we had our drinks, it was truly amazing how much of a tiny city location it is.  Our room did take up a whopping 45' up to the 80' in the video room which was important because I am trying to get my husband a "higher standard" room at 4:30pm.  Even at that location, even a shallow 7'er at 30' would blow the floor apart!I loved the view from the balcony on my right! Great location, would stay somewhere else!
If you like waiting, this hotel is for you.  Due to so many rooms/people in the hotel, you will always wait for an elevator.  Getting coffee or breakfast is like navigating a sidewalk in NYC.  Good luck with trying to enjoy a beverage in the afternoon.  Long line.  Better take your smartphone...  The hotel lost my dry cleaning and messed up my checkout/receipt.  Good grief!
This place is nice! In my opinion, the best hotel I have stayed in.  They are surrounded by art, books and bars.  They have a selection of hairnets, "mini sun glasses," bras, short, clean linen, etc.  I loved my stay and most of all I love the hotel. The bar is always cute, it was a good variety.
Worth the money!  Is a very comfortable room (not luxurious) in a great location. The staff was very friendly and we only complained a few times. The decor is stylish and modern and the hotel staff is just as friendly and knowledgeable.  Despite the weather, however, the service was excellent.  If you travel to Chicago, want to stay in a vacation spot that isn't hidden, you'll have to deal with a large group of people.  I can understand the 18-21 crowd though, but Chicago isn't for everyone.
My stay at the north end of Downtown Chicago...very nice decor, but isn't in any way friendly. All but one service is good, but overall I would stay elsewhere! The room that sleeps two people is huge, the bathroom is very spacious with a large desk that is probably needed for some desk work or just for work - try it, you'll see!  For about $200 - I checked out and it was OK, they had 4 of these 3 amazing bays, they just not at the Western Suites. The bed was tight, most of the way, I had to rest my arm in the very corner between them. The staff made a lot of promises and had great answers when we asked them which of the adjoining rooms had a nicer bathtub (and on top of that, the staff even offered to send us complimentary drinks and games to let us enjoy them)...except where it was obvious that there was another reason. The floor and shower heads in front of the hallway (homespun!) did little to matter. The elevators were slow, designed to slow you down
We were never to the Museum. I'll never go back.  I've been to museums before but never had a chance to go to the LoDo.  Great location, a well designed building and great staff. I'd stay elsewhere.  Great place to shop - dallas.com, havelina. nic martini bar..  many other great restaurants - slow. Location is spot on, easy to find your way to downtown, plus great beverages available. I'd give it a good try - highly recommend!
Good location for our winter vacation. Definitely not a 'hot or humid location' of any kind for a travel scamp. This hotel is expensive for a hotel, especially if you only stay at hotels that have room service at all. It is very small, and located just across the street from the Bellwood Shopping Center. The location may seem odd, but the concierge there has always been friendly. He made sure that the walls were clean, and there was a nice "cut" wall between the bar and the living room. If you have a hungry dog you can always just take the car to the corner grocery store, which is located by the Bellwood, or at the corner store that does restaurant/bar (almost free). Parking and service are a few stops short of the E train, which will return you to the hotel within a few hours or you can expect to have to pay the overcharge in the next two hours to get from Chicago to Chicago to anywhere in the US you want to go. Don't expect a hotel lobby, as you will need to find it in advance. The noise floor is loud and a fairly noisy place for a super busy, old hotel. Parking is expensive, even if you keep your valuables in a hotel suite. After 30+ nights at this hotel, I would recommend heading somewhere more close to work or shopping, as it will have longer runs to avoid.
Great location, worth the wait.  Hotel for I had a romantic party at this hotel in the Spring.  Great place to get the best of both worlds - looking after our dogs, exploring the historic Magnificent Mile, dancing around and hanging out in the restaurants.  Then, at midnight, come downstairs and get some sleep.  The bathroom was dirty, stained and dusty, and noisy.  Don't give up - for yourself, or anyone else.
This place is old and a borderline 3 star hotel. Beds are lumpy, sheets are rough, walls are thin, and the bathrooms need to be renovated. On the plus side the service exceeds some 4 or 5 star hotels I've stayed at. Everyone from the front desk guy in the middle of the night to the concierge to the service lady to the shuttle driver were super friendly and helpful. If this is your first visit to Chicago I highly recommend this place as the staff will definitely make your visit enjoyable. I rarely stay at a hotel twice but I'll be staying here on my next visit.
This place is old and a borderline 3 star hotel. Beds are lumpy, sheets are rough, walls are thin, and the bathrooms need to be renovated. On the plus side the service exceeds some 4 or 5 star hotels I've stayed at. Everyone from the front desk guy in the middle of the night to the concierge to the service lady to the shuttle driver were super friendly and helpful. If this is your first visit to Chicago I highly recommend this place as the staff will definitely make your visit enjoyable. I rarely stay at a hotel twice but I'll be staying here on my next visit.
This place was on my med-way, saw plenty of activity but a rather small number of people. Friendly staff, cool place for someone who doesn't know what they are talking about. Should have stayed at a higher hotel, but I have not checked out Chicago rooms since September. No one is a professional hotel, and always heads outside to share your experience.  Only very few people I know from Chicago stay here.
This place is old and a borderline 3 star hotel. Beds are lumpy, sheets are rough, walls are thin, and the bathrooms need to be renovated. On the plus side the service exceeds some 4 or 5 star hotels I've stayed at. Everyone from the front desk guy in the middle of the night to the concierge to the service lady to the shuttle driver were super friendly and helpful. If this is your first visit to Chicago I highly recommend this place as the staff will definitely make your visit enjoyable. I rarely stay at a hotel twice but I'll be staying here on my next visit.
Stayed here for the first time in 2 years with good family, my husband and I. First read on the inns are terrible at first, but we thought there was no room, but after 2 years staying here we are really happy with the location.I guess the price isnt worth it but we felt that the red line was still getting away. We could see in the hallways - I had seen a sign from HODDEN Plaza by my window and saw a picture that said: THE EXPLORER IS JUST A COUPLER.This is the same hotel I stayed at on November 20, 2010 (one night out of a night) and the first hotel I have stayed at since that. The rooms were cool. So so comfortable, so comfortable that you would spend a weekend there. Sure it is downtown, but there is a lot to see (Saw the River in the park) and I know what I'm walking down the street.The last thing I would expect at this hotel is the 3rd floor as well. So - we finally got our tickets back, no pressure, room was too small for us (we are in 4th and the King at the time), great ambiance, fabulous service. I love staying in so many great hotels.
The rooms at this location are amazing!  All is well, but when I first encountered the inns there were three (4) beds (on the right and two in the middle). The beds were available.  It was pretty uncomfortable having to see each other's personal belongings like this all night, a fact which I learned while leaving a previous hotel and they re-enacted that scene in the 2 nights I stayed there.  I figured they would pay for a crib because this was the 2nd floor and next to the shower.  So this place reminds me
This place is old and a borderline 3 star hotel. Beds are lumpy, sheets are rough, walls are thin, and the bathrooms need to be renovated. On the plus side the service exceeds some 4 or 5 star hotels I've stayed at. Everyone from the front desk guy in the middle of the night to the concierge to the service lady to the shuttle driver were super friendly and helpful. If this is your first visit to Chicago I highly recommend this place as the staff will definitely make your visit enjoyable. I rarely stay at a hotel twice but I'll be staying here on my next visit.
Great place to stay in downtown Chicago. Great location. Great chicago restaurants and wine bars.  No such problems as the Broad Street Public Pool (no burly/portables) for  weekend nights.  Parking: $23 per car, 25 bucks a day with double occupancy (parking as usual). Average day's parking cost on this street is $15. Parking in downtown is $25. Luggage: $7.50 per suitcase.
Pretty low on top! Not sure if the rooms are had for or not. The dining room is nice and the concierge is always kind enough to pick us up. This was my first time experiencing this kind of luxury (which I do for a living). First, I didn't expect that the bathroom was clean and that the decor was adequate. This one had "loose" cups because the sink itself was lined with paper towels. Then the manager called and ordered another room. I checked back in a week later, which took about five minutes. This gave me 10 minutes to talk to someone, since the whole room was flush and smelled of urine. Finally I checked out, with my coworkers and asked to rearrange our bedding. The manager did everything in his power to make sure that we were meeting the person to avoid any sort of harassment. My response to the lady seemed to be
So there we have it, the only hotel I have stayed at in Chicago. So i am staying here, and the 3 story building we go to is just amazing, next door it has a Magnificent Mile market on the roof, and has hotel staff at every corner, which is all super cool.  The lobby is SO small and small, you might think it's a city-sized hotel, but it is actually a museum.  The counter is very clean and it is $50 a night.  The room and beds are so comfortable, I have no idea if it is a single bed, one bed.  It's got to be the BEST hotel in town. All in all, it just so happens that i am staying here, so i will definitely stay here again.  Best of luck,
We stayed at this hotel in April 2010. It's an excellent location with L train service a few steps from the entrance of the hotel. Staff here is very friendly and accommodating. The suite we had was on the small side and because it's an older building a little noisier but still very charming. Walgreens is a block away and plenty of places to grab a bite to eat. My favourite is the Pot Belly Sandwich shop across the street. Good soup and Sandwiches. Our only regret is our reservation form didn't show up properly.
This has been my go to bar for over 40 years. Its good in several ways.  It's easily recognized by the menu.  The vibes, clean and clean.  The room is spacious and has comfortable bedding so you can rest your head on the bath tub and bath linens when not looking. The prices are reasonable.  The breakfast buffet is beautiful and I could use the spa treatment in addition to the spa treatment. I liked the cake decor - maybe even more so with the pumpkins and potatoes? Great choices! The service is great and also that it's a hotel, not a bar.
We stayed at this hotel in April 2010. It's an excellent location with L train service a few steps from the entrance of the hotel. Staff here is very friendly and accommodating. The suite we had was on the small side and because it's an older building a little noisier but still very charming. Walgreens is a block away and plenty of places to grab a bite to eat. My favourite is the Pot Belly Sandwich shop across the street. Good soup and Sandwiches. Short Walk to King James
This is great!!! The rooms were adequate and the service of the staff was top notch!!! Even when we needed something I didn't have the option of checking out the next hotel chain. Too bad most of them had reservations for different locations, but this one has many where you can rest assured it will be right on schedule. The place is equipped with computers and wi-fi so you can make it from anywhere around the world. The decor is so simple
We stayed at this hotel in April 2010. It's an excellent location with L train service a few steps from the entrance of the hotel. Staff here is very friendly and accommodating. The suite we had was on the small side and because it's an older building a little noisier but still very charming. Walgreens is a block away and plenty of places to grab a bite to eat. My favourite is the Pot Belly Sandwich shop across the street. Good soup and Sandwiches. Priced around $3 a head.
Just checked in and it was great. Parking was expensive so I'd have to find a car. We used the Family Dollar Train on the line and waited for 4 mins before we were able to get in. 1st round of this experience was a little dated and dated venues. Everything we needed was delivered via email. I still had to request something before arriving, but if I remember correctly it was email, which I can't explain. Once in the lobby, we were directed by one of our friends (who informed us this hotel was wonderful) to receive a small package from the Car-Shopping Center. We went there after searching through the Starbucks  and found they had a down payment of $20 in cash - usually out of our checking account. In short, after taking 2 mins to check in and open our check out bag, I was directed to the tiny desk. I had the slip (now hidden away) sent me, as well as a note which said "your request is accepted for this event.  Thank you." Not only was it hidden away (empty room) but we didn't even get to get food! When we checked in the next morning, the car-shopping center is no longer available and we ended up with a statement saying they have no way of refunding the cash because "on this occasion we have already made payment on our last invoice". I'm not sure if my memory serves me right.
Do yourself a favor and stay here, since it's a very contemporary hotel, like other super quick Western ones! The rooms look unique and comfortable, especially the 21 st star bathrooms that are the hallway exit doors. Wonderful selection of products and creative cocktails are provided, on par with classic theaters, art boutiques, restaurants, and shopping areas. No noise at all from elevators, they gave us complimentary tea in the hallway, a good way to pay good attention to the music!
I loved staying at the Regency Hotel, a bit like the next lady's home before it! And never got the impression that it's full of smoke bars for $40. No need for it, they do offer a standard smoke free rate (around $40) so if you are up for $30, go
This place was awesome! Well except for the weird order they have the channels but besides that it's great. Great prices, great locations and sometimes even a great view. They even provide breakfast....your usual but still it's FREE! (the water boiled scrambled eggs taste like phone wire) but besides that I LOVED it. They were courteous at all times and even provided menus for all activities. I would so go there again...even though I have my own apartment in Chicago!
This place was awesome! Well except for the weird order they have the channels but besides that it's great. Great prices, great locations and sometimes even a great view. They even provide breakfast....your usual but still it's FREE! (the water boiled scrambled eggs taste like phone wire) but besides that I LOVED it. They were courteous at all times and even provided menus for all activities. I would so go there again...even though I have my own apartment in Chicago!
This place was awesome! Well except for the weird order they have the channels but besides that it's great. Great prices, great locations and sometimes even a great view. They even provide breakfast....your usual but still it's FREE! (the water boiled scrambled eggs taste like phone wire) but besides that I LOVED it. They were courteous at all times and even provided menus for all activities. I would so go there again...even though I have my own apartment in Chicago! If you want to stay in the Hilton Chicago, the Chicago is a good place to stay.
My son and I stayed at this Hotel in early September at two different nights, when we were giving so much of our stay to the Attitude Group. He has a really great perspective on San Francisco. After a very small stay at the Suites in Downtown, with 2 maids, there was NO BACKGROUND EXPERIENCE to our stay.  This hotel was hit by the hipster train from Chicago.  The lobby smells of rotten flesh, the showers are horrible, there is an extensive bathroom sitting on the floor, pillows rolled up and bare (which I would guess was too much), and tons of little peepers.   Very disappointed.  If this place needs fixing, it should be closed.  Did not rate any rate on any of the options mentioned.I can't comment on the hotels.  Too many CMTs - they talk about "decisions made" - not the business as usual here, and when people say, "oh, well we took advantage of that, now we're going to fix it, and expect a price!"The room service was exceptional. They had so many channels on the LCD screen (google "Do NOT watch HD channels" for your convenience). For breakfast, they had couscous sausages. Every egg was cooked separately, and all dishes were arranged in the appropriate directions.Everyone had their own appetizers, but the food was a bit bland. This was a very well done hotel, and definitely worth a visit. Stay here
This place was awesome! Well except for the weird order they have the channels but besides that it's great. Great prices, great locations and sometimes even a great view. They even provide breakfast....your usual but still it's FREE! (the water boiled scrambled eggs taste like phone wire) but besides that I LOVED it. They were courteous at all times and even provided menus for all activities. I would so go there again...even though I have my own apartment in Chicago!
This is a trendy and modern club.  These parking is nice.  Parking in each room is $15 in each room.The pool has a 12-inch stainless steel pool with a very clean floor.  The bathrooms are neat and have plenty of work, especially the shower.  The pool is equipped with an apple bar (and they have a few) for that sort of thing.  In addition, there is a small mini spa which, despite the fact that there are huge sump pools all over the city, makes up for its lack of pool room in the lobby by being ridiculously small.  Every other night, I may go in with my girlfriends while I'm in town to "take some time out of my schedule".Of course, since the others are already staying there I would add an additional guest.  As for the drinks, good until 2AM, cool until noon, etc. The club definitely need improvement.
This place is freaking cool. I'd get a Birthday party, and my date liked what I had. This could easily be called a wedding, and as this was a MUST have in Chicago a gala, all I wanted was a chance to see a hidden gem close to home. Let's just say, if it wasn't for the fantastic Nachos in downtown Chicago, we wouldn't be here - it is like sitting down to a "kids' pool" and wondering who did it! They are spectacular and spectacular for its whole feel, with a true sense of pop and feeling of fun in your body, with both your loved ones (felix- AND others) drinking
***Had to come back and comment. I just called the hotel and simply asked that they refund just one night of the three due to no water. They graciously complied. So it's all good. However, I just read a lot of people's complaints and most of them repeat the same thing, about having no water. So it's not an isolated incident. Obviously the W wouldn't have a hotel with no water or un-reliable water supply, so it must be something connected with the loop area of Chicago where the water simply gets shut off periodically.. I bet if they'd known that they would not have even opened up a hotel there in the first place. Imagine, a hotel where you can never rely on having water!I just had an out of town guest who is our business partner stay here for 3 nights because it's close to our offices. We were searching for a new hotel to bring all of our business guests to, and that's about 5 guests a month, plus or minus a few and also our satellite employees who visit once a month.First morning, our business partner gets up and there is NO WATER AT ALL. There was no water until almost noon. And then it was cold water. He had to keep calling over and over. When I came to pick him up, they said a boiler had broken (no emergency back up apparantly) and by the time they fixed it etc. The woman said "keep running the water and it will get warm". It didn't. No shower.  At minimum they should have jumped and said "oh my God, let us move you to a different room immediately, we'll get your things". Instead they kept discussing the issue instead of alerting the guest since they knew about it, handling it with a room move, and refunding the night. Just the
***Had to come back and comment. I just called the hotel and simply asked that they refund just one night of the three due to no water. They graciously complied. So it's all good. However, I just read a lot of people's complaints and most of them repeat the same thing, about having no water. So it's not an isolated incident. Obviously the W wouldn't have a hotel with no water or un-reliable water supply, so it must be something connected with the loop area of Chicago where the water simply gets shut off periodically.. I bet if they'd known that they would not have even opened up a hotel there in the first place. Imagine, a hotel where you can never rely on having water!I just had an out of town guest who is our business partner stay here for 3 nights because it's close to our offices. We were searching for a new hotel to bring all of our business guests to, and that's about 5 guests a month, plus or minus a few and also our satellite employees who visit once a month.First morning, our business partner gets up and there is NO WATER AT ALL. There was no water until almost noon. And then it was cold water. He had to keep calling over and over. When I came to pick him up, they said a boiler had broken (no emergency back up apparantly) and by the time they fixed it etc. The woman said "keep running the water and it will get warm". It didn't. No shower.  At minimum they should have jumped and said "oh my God, let us move you to a different room immediately, we'll get your things". Instead they kept discussing the issue instead of alerting the guest since they knew about it, handling it with a room move, and refunding the night. Just the
***Had to come back and comment. I just called the hotel and simply asked that they refund just one night of the three due to no water. They graciously complied. So it's all good. However, I just read a lot of people's complaints and most of them repeat the same thing, about having no water. So it's not an isolated incident. Obviously the W wouldn't have a hotel with no water or un-reliable water supply, so it must be something connected with the loop area of Chicago where the water simply gets shut off periodically.. I bet if they'd known that they would not have even opened up a hotel there in the first place. Imagine, a hotel where you can never rely on having water!I just had an out of town guest who is our business partner stay here for 3 nights because it's close to our offices. We were searching for a new hotel to bring all of our business guests to, and that's about 5 guests a month, plus or minus a few and also our satellite employees who visit once a month.First morning, our business partner gets up and there is NO WATER AT ALL. There was no water until almost noon. And then it was cold water. He had to keep calling over and over. When I came to pick him up, they said a boiler had broken (no emergency back up apparantly) and by the time they fixed it etc. The woman said "keep running the water and it will get warm". It didn't. No shower.  At minimum they should have jumped and said "oh my God, let us move you to a different room immediately, we'll get your things". Instead they kept discussing the issue instead of alerting the guest since they knew about it, handling it with a room move, and refunding the night. Just the
***Had to come back and comment. I just called the hotel and simply asked that they refund just one night of the three due to no water. They graciously complied. So it's all good. However, I just read a lot of people's complaints and most of them repeat the same thing, about having no water. So it's not an isolated incident. Obviously the W wouldn't have a hotel with no water or un-reliable water supply, so it must be something connected with the loop area of Chicago where the water simply gets shut off periodically.. I bet if they'd known that they would not have even opened up a hotel there in the first place. Imagine, a hotel where you can never rely on having water!I just had an out of town guest who is our business partner stay here for 3 nights because it's close to our offices. We were searching for a new hotel to bring all of our business guests to, and that's about 5 guests a month, plus or minus a few and also our satellite employees who visit once a month.First morning, our business partner gets up and there is NO WATER AT ALL. There was no water until almost noon. And then it was cold water. He had to keep calling over and over. When I came to pick him up, they said a boiler had broken (no emergency back up apparantly) and by the time they fixed it etc. The woman said "keep running the water and it will get warm". It didn't. No shower.  At minimum they should have jumped and said "oh my God, let us move you to a different room immediately, we'll get your things". Instead they kept discussing the issue instead of alerting the guest since they knew about it, handling it with a room move, and refunding the night. Just the
A landmark hotel, the Drake is just an iconic place in Chicago. Having amazing views of Michigan Avenue and the Lake, this is THE place to stay if spending a weekend on the Mag Mile or to recommend to out of town guests. While it is a little more pricey, it is mostly competitive with anything in the area and provides classic quality and service.You can expect the easy stay and great service in the hotel. With a steel closet, a tiling board, pillow case, locker, and kids toys you can stand on your head. But, the best part about this hotel is that you can get amazing accommodations that will last many years!The location of this hotel was fantastic! The Hilton is simply stunning. The lakefront has a nice view of the city, The Chicago River offers great views from both directions, the Cleveland frontage makes walking into an old hotel comfortable, and the Lobby is decorated and on the bright side, there are viewscreens. It also has amazing little luxury pool beds with showers provided free of charge.
A landmark hotel, the Drake is just an iconic place in Chicago. Having amazing views of Michigan Avenue and the Lake, this is THE place to stay if spending a weekend on the Mag Mile or to recommend to out of town guests. While it is a little more pricey, it is mostly competitive with anything in the area and provides classic quality and service.
I am the queen of guest rooms, so I decided to try this out for myself, and am absolutely fan of all the queen beds I have. The reason I didn't go back is that the bed is absolutely gorgeous and definitely gets up to a better age. It's also because of the room size, which I noticed was a bit off at the wedding, and also because I have a smaller staff than I usually get on average, and because of it's location, I really don't have a lot of options outside of the restaurant, so it was perfect to try for myself.The bed is comfortable, clean, and stylish.The bedding is awesome as is the mini-size sheets for the bathroom. The king size bed is also stylish and could be had in both sizes. I enjoyed the water faucets too as well, making it a little convenient for while I was away.My husband and I stayed at the Adirondacks hotel in January - our stay was scheduled for November. It's in the busy Chicago River/Alpine section, a large part of the city which is cool and spooky for a weekend stay. Most hotel stays tend to be on one of two levels - VIP or non-VIP. The both levels are well worth the extra $200 or so.When we arrived at this hotel we found out the elevator was closed, a while back the sign on our room window read, "
We really love this hotel.  If you've never stayed at our vacation spot at the old Encore in Cleveland or loved the "Neverland" shopping center, you've definitely got some points to prove.  Don't be surprised if you pay $17.50 per night for two rooms.   The staff is never quick to rate you (this will be a regular problem for us if we're on a small rate) and the rooms are comfortable (so a Pan Am system is provided).  The lobby is great and the doors to the rooms have a very aggressive perspective on the rooms.  The bathroom are small but plenty spacious.  We also used the SPN Broadway lobby which was open and comfortable but narrow.  Even if your travel needs aren't very important, this is a reasonable rate to give to a family with special needs.
I loved this hotel.  As I was leaving on my way to Miami for the summer I thought of this place and decided to stay there. I really liked the staff, the restaurant was gorgeous and it has both the celebrities & young workers.  They have had requests from cities, coffee shops, bars, gym and many different hotels.  The staff is awesome, we received an email from the reception center each morning to assist and keep a look out for any problems or special requests. Staff does a great job handling hotel housekeeping!  You can expect excellent service from the staff when you arrive and the bed are made of soft, concrete, nice material.  The rooms are modern and spacious. The bar staff are exceptionally polite and carefree.  I'd be recommending this hotel to
Just recently updated the concierge. I understand they offer special rooms as a upgrade. I'm pretty sure they would have been able to accommodate any needs.  I'm in Chicago for work, it's interesting to see this in a less downtown location. I guess a hotel is always a problem. Lately, I've been impressed with other new and upmarket hotels for that price point.
Love, great hotel!!! If you're in the South Loop, then be sure to take notice of this hotel. I booked here, just as a courtesy notice.  The rooms were well designed, clean, functional and perfect for my wedding day. The staff was the first thing that appeared at my door, that was beautiful.  The bridesmaids were as well happy to hear about the guests that weren't there as the elevator took us to the room. There was no turning back though.  My biggest complaint with the hotel was the seating layout and the closets needed adjustment.  We placed an order for 5 beds, and when we finally got a change of clothes, there was no belt or belt loop at all in sight. My husband and I were nearly able to keep up with the beat.
My husband and I went to this hotel three times. We stayed at the bar where the staff was impressed. Most of the times the room was open, quiet, and well-manicured. You should definitely check out this place for that.  Their review of the hotel in their book is positive: "The hotel rooms are inexpensive; comfortable, nicely decorated; attractive; clean, but without a frisson of whimsy." With all of the fine details and gorgeous details, I thought this place was weird (and not very nice).
I just loved everything about this hotel.  The location was perfect for access to everything.There were 2 exceptional waiters at the Lockwood- Steven and Andrew- thanks for a great stay ion Chicago!  I love great restaurants and bars, but a great location  for a truly historic hotel.  The historic Bar*Lincoln just seemed like a perfect place for us to go.We booked 4 beds, most of them for our first night, and 2 beds for our second night.  We were busy using our bathroom constantly during our stay, but nothing terrible about it.  Breakfast was clean and with nice, dark green vegetables.  The service was timely, friendly and thoughtfully delivered.Finally, if you are looking for a relaxing room, don't be fooled by the area hotels:  Don't miss the Rotunda Plaza. There are TWO rooms within walking distance of one another.  It's what you need.Tip the Cubs Staff (+1-415-9242)  for the 13th floor Inn Hotels. http://swmeds.com/index.php/ltp http://swmeds.com/item.php http://swmeds.com/timestamp.php http://swmeds.com/spreadsheets.php http://swmeds.com/faqs.php  http://swmeds.com/terms.php<|endoftext|>
Hoping to make it to the Super Bowl; It was fun, some pretty cool stuff... It had a really wonderful reception and have been getting rave reviews for this one!  I saw a few surprises from the crowd, but then didn't expect that kind of vibe all around. They made a room available for the club's head maids, did a pretty nice job of treating guests and provided the bathroom in an amazing location. Don't let that shock you, because not only are the bathrooms really nice, but the decor on the walls really does the trick.  The Laundromat really glows pretty bright.  The music in the hallway is really fast and one might expect a fast way to get away from noisy concert hall music.  The location of the lobby was wonderful and the atmosphere, with the gym, restaurant, bar, etc. it's just perfect for the Super Bowl!!!
the location is awesome, the price is good but the hotel sucks! 1. i had booking for breakfast and they said i didnt...i am 100% sure i did...i mean even if i didnt have it i dont think the front desk should argue with me for half an hour and end up not giving it to me!2. the phone in my room was not working.3. the water in the shower kept getting cold and warm.4. the gym and sundick sucked. and the gym was close for "repairs" once i was trying to go.5. there was no hair dryer in the room and i had to go all the way to the front desk with wet hair to get it because the phone was not working.6. very very very old crapy place and very rude front desk people.'7. the hood in the kitchen didnt work. 8. the housekeeper kept wanted to clean my room every morning at 8 am..i mean come on..some people come to hotels to relax in their vacation and they shouldnt wake them up at 8 am everyday!Over all if you are able to spend a little more per  night to get a better place, DO IT! What do you think?!???
Overall a decent hotel (2 stars) overall if its on Michigan Ave at 11 a.m..but not to say outstanding...we got very tired and felt as though our room were being clean out but a good hotel hotel should have not stayed anywhere else...even with 3 stars. Other than 2 stars it's good though for being located in the middle of the Chicago River..not a bad spot for another +5.
the location is awesome, the price is good but the hotel sucks! 1. i had booking for breakfast and they said i didnt...i am 100% sure i did...i mean even if i didnt have it i dont think the front desk should argue with me for half an hour and end up not giving it to me!2. the phone in my room was not working.3. the water in the shower kept getting cold and warm.4. the gym and sundick sucked. and the gym was close for "repairs" once i was trying to go.5. there was no hair dryer in the room and i had to go all the way to the front desk with wet hair to get it because the phone was not working.6. very very very old crapy place and very rude front desk people.'7. the hood in the kitchen didnt work. 8. the housekeeper kept wanted to clean my room every morning at 8 am..i mean come on..some people come to hotels to relax in their vacation and they shouldnt wake them up at 8 am everyday!Over all if you are able to spend a little more per  night to get a better place, DO IT! This is the hotel where you should get your shopping done..
the location is awesome, the price is good but the hotel sucks! 1. i had booking for breakfast and they said i didnt...i am 100% sure i did...i mean even if i didnt have it i dont think the front desk should argue with me for half an hour and end up not giving it to me!2. the phone in my room was not working.3. the water in the shower kept getting cold and warm.4. the gym and sundick sucked. and the gym was close for "repairs" once i was trying to go.5. there was no hair dryer in the room and i had to go all the way to the front desk with wet hair to get it because the phone was not working.6. very very very old crapy place and very rude front desk people.'7. the hood in the kitchen didnt work. 8. the housekeeper kept wanted to clean my room every morning at 8 am..i mean come on..some people come to hotels to relax in their vacation and they shouldnt wake them up at 8 am everyday!Over all if you are able to spend a little more per  night to get a better place, DO IT!
the location is awesome, the price is good but the hotel sucks! 1. i had booking for breakfast and they said i didnt...i am 100% sure i did...i mean even if i didnt have it i dont think the front desk should argue with me for half an hour and end up not giving it to me!2. the phone in my room was not working.3. the water in the shower kept getting cold and warm.4. the gym and sundick sucked. and the gym was close for "repairs" once i was trying to go.5. there was no hair dryer in the room and i had to go all the way to the front desk with wet hair to get it because the phone was not working.6. very very very old crapy place and very rude front desk people.'7. the hood in the kitchen didnt work. 8. the housekeeper kept wanted to clean my room every morning at 8 am..i mean come on..some people come to hotels to relax in their vacation and they shouldnt wake them up at 8 am everyday!Over all if you are able to spend a little more per  night to get a better place, DO IT!,oh keep going because you will find better places to sleep!Hi all, hello and good luck!xoxo mattjohnmattjohnmattjohnmattjohnmatt johnson mattjohn
I was put up here for a business trip awhile back. I actually have family in the area, but didn't want to totally invade. I heard this was top-notch and thought, "what the hell, why not?"I was glad to hear that they were open to pets. Because I do spend quite a bit of time with family/friends in Chicago, I wanted to extend my business trip a bit and bring the fam/dog along with me. The dog thing earned them 2 stars, but the rest of the hotel was fairly unimpressive. I am not one to bitch a moan about a free trip, but if I was coming out-of-pocket with that kind of money, there are far nicer hotels in Chicago I think.  I wouldn't call the staff "rude" as much as "inattentive". No one is jumping up to help you or offer you exemplary service. Which, hey, if I'm at the Red Roof Inn, I'm not looking for it, but the W? come on people!I guess the design/layout is nice for the modern feel they are going for, but it's simply not my style. In addition, location-wise, it's good for the view, but there are far better options close to the mag mile. (I know this might sound like a contradiction to everyone who travels from Elwood/Columbus/Butler Lane to Lakeshore... but keep in mind, I'm only using my car here for the three/four days... so this isn't entirely unexpected.)I would have liked to explore this hotel more if this place opened in Chicago or if I was considering coming here for business. After all, what a bummer, considering it has all the better reviews for the L! building. No matter how aggressive we're at street corners, the renovated L! is an enjoyable experience.
I was put up here for a business trip awhile back. I actually have family in the area, but didn't want to totally invade. I heard this was top-notch and thought, "what the hell, why not?"I was glad to hear that they were open to pets. Because I do spend quite a bit of time with family/friends in Chicago, I wanted to extend my business trip a bit and bring the fam/dog along with me. The dog thing earned them 2 stars, but the rest of the hotel was fairly unimpressive. I am not one to bitch a moan about a free trip, but if I was coming out-of-pocket with that kind of money, there are far nicer hotels in Chicago I think.  I wouldn't call the staff "rude" as much as "inattentive". No one is jumping up to help you or offer you exemplary service. Which, hey, if I'm at the Red Roof Inn, I'm not looking for it, but the W? come on people!I guess the design/layout is nice for the modern feel they are going for, but it's simply not my style. In addition, location-wise, it's good for the view, but there are far better options close to the mag mile. All in all, I like the view and would be hard-pressed to rate the location again.
wow this place is very nice, and it was good quality.but the service staff were nice and even they didnt harass me much,even though I am a ventriloquist. a patron needs to know the building (to get entrance to park the valet) ahead of time, making checking security an effort. it took a little work, after giving them a map, they sent me the sales price directly on my credit card. no thanks...
I was put up here for a business trip awhile back. I actually have family in the area, but didn't want to totally invade. I heard this was top-notch and thought, "what the hell, why not?"I was glad to hear that they were open to pets. Because I do spend quite a bit of time with family/friends in Chicago, I wanted to extend my business trip a bit and bring the fam/dog along with me. The dog thing earned them 2 stars, but the rest of the hotel was fairly unimpressive. I am not one to bitch a moan about a free trip, but if I was coming out-of-pocket with that kind of money, there are far nicer hotels in Chicago I think.  I wouldn't call the staff "rude" as much as "inattentive". No one is jumping up to help you or offer you exemplary service. Which, hey, if I'm at the Red Roof Inn, I'm not looking for it, but the W? come on people!I guess the design/layout is nice for the modern feel they are going for, but it's simply not my style. In addition, location-wise, it's good for the view, but there are far better options close to the mag mile. Not to mention, in Chicago there are always public parking lots, and there's nothing quite like Chicago parking that didn't have a positive effect on my experience.
I was put up here for a business trip awhile back. I actually have family in the area, but didn't want to totally invade. I heard this was top-notch and thought, "what the hell, why not?"I was glad to hear that they were open to pets. Because I do spend quite a bit of time with family/friends in Chicago, I wanted to extend my business trip a bit and bring the fam/dog along with me. The dog thing earned them 2 stars, but the rest of the hotel was fairly unimpressive. I am not one to bitch a moan about a free trip, but if I was coming out-of-pocket with that kind of money, there are far nicer hotels in Chicago I think.  I wouldn't call the staff "rude" as much as "inattentive". No one is jumping up to help you or offer you exemplary service. Which, hey, if I'm at the Red Roof Inn, I'm not looking for it, but the W? come on people!I guess the design/layout is nice for the modern feel they are going for, but it's simply not my style. In addition, location-wise, it's good for the view, but there are far better options close to the mag mile. I would suggest leaving your room as per usual in the lobby to keep your dogs busy, as the lobby's newer (newer) grills can only be pushed through that are covered in wire and glass. My wife asked, "what about the hot tubs? What about the smoking fan? How about the elevator?" She felt uncomfortable, and turned her head and said, "yeah, it's not the elevator. All I need is one and I will add it to the list." So I called to ask why the elevator didn't pop in at 3 pm. When I contacted the hotel's general manager, George Stacker, who said the elevator wouldn't pop, I felt compelled to write down the stan
Great place to stay if you're in a hurry. Hotel itself is clean and comfortable. Rooms are limited and extremely narrow.  They do a great job here, all around great decor, great artwork, and they send out a complimentary towel to all. The price is reasonable. The minimum room service is definitely around $200 a night. We can't speak to whether the service was over priced, but we would definitely stay here again.
Pretty cool hotel, I stayed at the Congress Hotel not too long ago. I never really thought that we would stay here. I didn't like the smell of the rooms and it was dark (not a bad way of putting it). However, in the winter, the rooms were never dirty (except by the glass. I have no idea what that means). The bathroom was small and dirty. The staff are pretty, but busy.  My husband and I needed to go see a spa...I hope the hotel makes a comeback! The only downside to this hotel is parking (it is in a block), but I really hope the hotel can let us use the elevators, or get extra help if needed.
I worked at the Victoria Hotel and was glad I came back. This place is so close to the museums. The bathroom in the lobby had a nicely done linen cabinet with an ornate stained glass window and could be mistaken for a luxury spa which was a pain to use. Next time I want to avoid downtown business, I'll check this place out.
I used to live in the city, now the burbs, but have to stay overnight in the city sometimes for business. I recently stayed in a standard king room at the James, at a rate of $170. Pros: - Great location for shopping and restaurants/food. You're within easy walking distance to the Oak Street area as well as regular Magnificent Mile shopping. Plus a short walk to the river. David Burke is the hotel restaurant, Grahamwich is around the corner, and across the street are Trader Joe's, Starbucks, and a gourmetish deli.- Overall decor is fresh, modern, clean.- Quiet rooms.- Friendly staff- Parking is expensive but if you go north just a couple of blocks on Rush there's $30/day parking (however it is not easy in/out).Cons:- At 3 pm my room wasn't ready and the staff person tried to upsell me another room at a higher rate. On the plus side, they took my number and called me when the room was ready.- The carpet in the room is odd: it has a higher pile than you see in most hotel rooms, and it's brown, so it appears to be dirty and dingy.- The bathroom was small but easy, modern and convenient. Kiehl's soaps and lotions. The bathroom lacked a fan (or else it was so oddly placed that it couldn't be found), which meant that there was a slightly damp or dank smell to the room. Not a huge deal by any means, but something I noticed.- This one is kind of weird but there's a huge, fluorescent light fixture directly above the bed, placed right above where one's head rests on the pillows. I thought this was so strange! It kind of made me paranoid that the fixture would fall on me. Not that it looked loose or anything. Just the placement - right over t
I used to live in the city, now the burbs, but have to stay overnight in the city sometimes for business. I recently stayed in a standard king room at the James, at a rate of $170. Pros: - Great location for shopping and restaurants/food. You're within easy walking distance to the Oak Street area as well as regular Magnificent Mile shopping. Plus a short walk to the river. David Burke is the hotel restaurant, Grahamwich is around the corner, and across the street are Trader Joe's, Starbucks, and a gourmetish deli.- Overall decor is fresh, modern, clean.- Quiet rooms.- Friendly staff- Parking is expensive but if you go north just a couple of blocks on Rush there's $30/day parking (however it is not easy in/out).Cons:- At 3 pm my room wasn't ready and the staff person tried to upsell me another room at a higher rate. On the plus side, they took my number and called me when the room was ready.- The carpet in the room is odd: it has a higher pile than you see in most hotel rooms, and it's brown, so it appears to be dirty and dingy.- The bathroom was small but easy, modern and convenient. Kiehl's soaps and lotions. The bathroom lacked a fan (or else it was so oddly placed that it couldn't be found), which meant that there was a slightly damp or dank smell to the room. Not a huge deal by any means, but something I noticed.- This one is kind of weird but there's a huge, fluorescent light fixture directly above the bed, placed right above where one's head rests on the pillows. I thought this was so strange! It kind of made me paranoid that the fixture would fall on me. Not that it looked loose or anything. Just the placement - right over t
I used to live in the city, now the burbs, but have to stay overnight in the city sometimes for business. I recently stayed in a standard king room at the James, at a rate of $170. Pros: - Great location for shopping and restaurants/food. You're within easy walking distance to the Oak Street area as well as regular Magnificent Mile shopping. Plus a short walk to the river. David Burke is the hotel restaurant, Grahamwich is around the corner, and across the street are Trader Joe's, Starbucks, and a gourmetish deli.- Overall decor is fresh, modern, clean.- Quiet rooms.- Friendly staff- Parking is expensive but if you go north just a couple of blocks on Rush there's $30/day parking (however it is not easy in/out).Cons:- At 3 pm my room wasn't ready and the staff person tried to upsell me another room at a higher rate. On the plus side, they took my number and called me when the room was ready.- The carpet in the room is odd: it has a higher pile than you see in most hotel rooms, and it's brown, so it appears to be dirty and dingy.- The bathroom was small but easy, modern and convenient. Kiehl's soaps and lotions. The bathroom lacked a fan (or else it was so oddly placed that it couldn't be found), which meant that there was a slightly damp or dank smell to the room. Not a huge deal by any means, but something I noticed.- This one is kind of weird but there's a huge, fluorescent light fixture directly above the bed, placed right above where one's head rests on the pillows. I thought this was so strange! It kind of made me paranoid that the fixture would fall on me. Not that it looked loose or anything. Just the placement - right over t
I used to live in the city, now the burbs, but have to stay overnight in the city sometimes for business. I recently stayed in a standard king room at the James, at a rate of $170. Pros: - Great location for shopping and restaurants/food. You're within easy walking distance to the Oak Street area as well as regular Magnificent Mile shopping. Plus a short walk to the river. David Burke is the hotel restaurant, Grahamwich is around the corner, and across the street are Trader Joe's, Starbucks, and a gourmetish deli.- Overall decor is fresh, modern, clean.- Quiet rooms.- Friendly staff- Parking is expensive but if you go north just a couple of blocks on Rush there's $30/day parking (however it is not easy in/out).Cons:- At 3 pm my room wasn't ready and the staff person tried to upsell me another room at a higher rate. On the plus side, they took my number and called me when the room was ready.- The carpet in the room is odd: it has a higher pile than you see in most hotel rooms, and it's brown, so it appears to be dirty and dingy.- The bathroom was small but easy, modern and convenient. Kiehl's soaps and lotions. The bathroom lacked a fan (or else it was so oddly placed that it couldn't be found), which meant that there was a slightly damp or dank smell to the room. Not a huge deal by any means, but something I noticed.- This one is kind of weird but there's a huge, fluorescent light fixture directly above the bed, placed right above where one's head rests on the pillows. I thought this was so strange! It kind of made me paranoid that the fixture would fall on me. Not that it looked loose or anything. Just the placement - right over t
Back from friday & saturday nite stays in King Deluxe room 3002....oct 21 & 22...Bed was Posture Pedic Grand and hardly a pillow top!!!!pillow tops give a floating on cloud feeling and this bed was lumpy and hard as rock!!!!  We observed on the floor and around the base ofthe walls filthy dust and dirt!!!  Absolutely the worst discovery Sundaymorning were finger & toe nails scattered about the floor, not noticedbefore but now in the bright daylight very disgusting!!!!Four star hotels certainly offer much better comfortable beds, and immaculate cleanliness!!!!  Future Chicago stays will be at true four stars hotel, like the Marriott!!!!  The Johnson's  Adrian, Michigan, stay at this hotel is a must for those who love to lounge, view city, enjoy ( and stay on ) our riverfront ride; if you wish to visit Chicago more than once (and you can afford to use two out of three minutes of your vacation ), we suggest exploring local attractions or visiting our next downtown venue ; stay here if you like. Should anyone else be willing to take up this option, good luck and are happy to talk directly to the previous three hotel executives....
Back from friday & saturday nite stays in King Deluxe room 3002....oct 21 & 22...Bed was Posture Pedic Grand and hardly a pillow top!!!!pillow tops give a floating on cloud feeling and this bed was lumpy and hard as rock!!!!  We observed on the floor and around the base ofthe walls filthy dust and dirt!!!  Absolutely the worst discovery Sundaymorning were finger & toe nails scattered about the floor, not noticedbefore but now in the bright daylight very disgusting!!!!Four star hotels certainly offer much better comfortable beds, and immaculate cleanliness!!!!  Future Chicago stays will be at true four stars hotel, like the Marriott!!!!  The Johnson's  Adrian, Michigan, is a shame because the decor of the hotel is beautiful with a timeless woodwork, elaborate home-sized rooms, and excellent restaurants!!; better TO suit ourselves well a retro west coast run only hotel close to Chicago?
I would only go back if I had the opportunity. The Sky Lounge is not a great location in Chicago.  This place is not conducive to pleasant customer service, noisy but cleanliness.  I wish they had a wing so staff could help with decorating so that's exactly what the bar is for. Too bad the room doesn't have a jacuzzi.  The room service charge is $28 for a three day stay. There is a marble bar that you can sit down to but that makes you feel like you've just had dinner.  Really, if they advertise a room only three or four times a year, then this place is the failed go to opportunity. If they are really keeping people away from getting inspired, then this place needs a gym! So where to start??? Nice bathroom in the back! Budget included at Restaurant As a result, I was made to wait four nights to get a $35 hotel room.
I was there for a big party in August (well before you even even came in), but I was excited. This place is so small, very large (15' or so) and will take a bit of getting used to. There is nothing new here...nothing at all to celebrate, just good vibes and even a decent bar. The staff is polite and experienced, and they know exactly what it is you are getting into....good. I came for my birthday party and it was good. A fantastic location, great vintage clothing, A great small room, great rate on the hotel. We were asked at least 1 time what to expect as a group (with me included) and they told us we would be able to get a room (plus room service) in that room, if needed. We are married, and when we went back for a room they told us we would be on our way, and it was quite early, so it was fine. We ended up going into a hotel where the small room was an afterthought for us. On that note, we love that they take a good long look at the hotel management to make sure that anything doesn't make it through to the guests. We are within walking distance, and expect early departures (with free shuttle service) to busy attractions that are close to the hotel. There is some sign with the address of a six-star hotel at the top of the restaurant and parking lot that says, "Did you hear that?" and to go to 613 S Lake Park Avenue. In my opinion, the hotel is a loooong walk, but a great first come, first serve, to get that and more parking. Again, the staff were attentive, helpful, friendly and knowledgeable, and we were sure we would be able to make it down the street to a great restaurant if only there was some parking there. Next time, I have
This place deserves a five star rating for being the best place in the city for you average working man with a family. First off, it has FREE parking right outside the door in their own lot!!, and this is a $50 savings per night. Super friendly and helpful staff. Great pizza right here in the hotel. Try the Marina if you love seafood. Great location. This is now my second stay here and I will not even think about staying anywhere else. Best Western River North is a Great Family Hotel. Sure, you will find fancier places, but it is good, clean, and downright a good place!! McDonalds is across the street. Starbucks-2 blocks down as well as a Jewel Osco Store for food, snacks, pop, etc. There is a full bar bar at every Starbucks. Best part: The lobby.  Trust me. There is some bigger complaints than what I experienced in the previous two weeks. The front desk works really hard to keep quiet, especially when I am dealing with that loud, unruly, suburban stuff.  Besides, that's where the amazing view of Park Avenue comes from.
My review here is solely for the location of the bedrooms. The front desk was awesome and the cashier was a 3 star for her professionalism. I'll write another review if I've never encountered a traveler's bed here before.
This place deserves a five star rating for being the best place in the city for you average working man with a family. First off, it has FREE parking right outside the door in their own lot!!, and this is a $50 savings per night. Super friendly and helpful staff. Great pizza right here in the hotel. Try the Marina if you love seafood. Great location. This is now my second stay here and I will not even think about staying anywhere else. Best Western River North is a Great Family Hotel. Sure, you will find fancier places, but it is good, clean, and downright a good place!! McDonalds is across the street. Starbucks-2 blocks down as well as a Jewel Osco Store for food, snacks, pop, etc. The biggest drawback is the parking!! Too many nearby Marriott  central steps can't even get to the back of the hotel. Of course, if you go across the street, there is NO car in sight to get to your room, only a taxi. Got your jeans and a pair of dark shorts and start walking out there to get your go-kart. Also, don't forget to bring a stash of rocks with you! My next stay came out of the Embassy building, I called to make arrangements for a kick ass little drop off.  I would suggest taking a shuttle to or from the concierge service center, or waiting on the street next to them.I ended up finding a second hotel in Chicago and could not pass up the opportunity to do business there. The lobby has a nice feel but sometimes a little noisy. The location is perfect for shopping, taking public transportation or checking out a hotel not far from downtown.Taken from:
We didn't find much out about this one though I'm not a fan of the red carpet retreats (only two stayed in Chicago) so this one was a bit more expensive than I thought. However, the drinks were excellent.  The staff had a lot to offer.  Our stay was somewhere in the mid '90's so nothing to write home about. There were a lot of cars parked all around our room in a wonderful location. Parking was SUPER cheap so we only needed to park for an hour or so for the hotel to get it. I highly recommend checking out this location!
Two floors in front of the River Walk Hotel. Lovely view, spacious bedroom and a nice view of Midway street (way cool...get that Lincoln!).  High on Avenue they gave me a gym and I felt like I was hitting 50m/h in my Top 6 hits. They also added a shower feature, which definitely made me feel special in that gym.
Great location downtown Chicago and really good deal!! We used to stay in Choo Chai (i.e the hotel) but it was really closed down the night before our stay. The rooms were so overpriced it barely moved a beat. I'd say this was a one night stand and we don't recommend it.
This hotel was horrible.  So pathetic I checked out my car, then the next day went down in the river.  So we went back down the river again and had another awesome night out. This is a historic
Had a great stay on our 2nd wedding anniversary and both rooms were clean, good, and gorgeous. I was super excited to get married this week, because I am not into staying at multiple attractions (over the years there have been 2 that have hosted this same wedding) and I was wondering why no-one from IOOB HOTELS (front desk or busser?) would be attending my wedding.  Oh!... well,  this was the last time they had flown me in, so.... and I thought I'd never do it again! I actually went to the City Center to check out the fireworks that the Chicago Fire released.  Not a great choice at all!  The hotel was so expensive, but that was because of government-imposed fees - people had to work to get there, etc. All in all, the final shopping experience was amazing.  Oh yes, and of course, there was a huge flying overhead crowd of people and there was over 6 hours to get up.  Oh, and yes, my daughter loved it - she was having another fantastic, romantic occasion with her friends in the lobby. Also, they have some really good views from all directions so there's less of a chance we'll get on foot and just go hang out in the afternoon for what should be a relaxing, and relaxing day of shopping...if you don't want to spend all day here, the Restaurant at the Castle would be perfect for you.
Went on this boat to explore the bluewoods and not the town center. Great view. Room was big so not too comfortable. I can't go into much detail. The room was nice.  We tried very hard to get it to open but it did not open.  A classic hotel thing.  Where is the "great room" that should really be kept in the future? :(
What a waste of money!! I just found this hotel online.  It is unimpressive, even if you like seeing old concrete buildings when they are not there.  They had several, but I liked the one with the old bell tower so much I did not like that!  The hotels already charge for elevators so that is a nice bonus.  It has much more conveniences than this one. The bathrooms are nice but I wish they used old mirrors so it would not look like old gas on the shower! The hotel staff was rude!!  I hope I can have a drink with the other people at the rest of the hotel and it will be ok.
I used the white roomite from the B&O to get some glamour when I booked here. I loved the Big Oak window. I got a breeze, the room was gorgeous, the breakfast was absolutely delicious. A slight smile to see the latest on my little daughter, two great fashion trends she shares and her interaction with me. I can't believe I was treated like a royalty. I definitely recommend this hotel!!
Stuck in a corner room with previous guests roomservice outside our room all night. Guess you shouldn't expect much more for a 60$ PL bid. $50 for parking was outrageous... how much time was the only reason you waited when considering our guest house. We found it  hard to decide that parking in our suite is a good deal to the majority of our guests. All in all, a nice and clean place for a weekend stay. Plus, our room rate is way higher than most hotels for the price tag you get.
I booked it online when I last booked, it was really convenient.I booked an ice metro hotel where the company I stayed at provided ballroom service, although it was very slow. The bathrooms were clean and they opened earlier than usual.The only aggravation was that we had no Internet access. However the Staff was nice and knowledgeable.The room I stayed at (with small kids) was fairly small and no problems were expected. The room service was good but we should have more room in the future, because of the price. No need to go to the local dance club!
Stuff my heart out, it is still there.Stayed there from the S.F.S.W. up to 9 p.m. and had no problem navigating. No complaints but probably will not stay again. People think they are nice. Did you pay too much or was that your fault? Ok its 1528.  You got a nice room.  Rooms are cheap but not the most flattering.  Yes you can get anywhere by gofuzzy amigurumi. Anyway because this is S.F.S.W. it was no hassle to go to the 2 franks that I was going to show you as I drove to the club.  Very nice bed linens, good shower and power minitower.  Nice
The hotel review was on my resume. The rates are very reasonable. The room is in a very nice part of town and I'm looking forward to going to Chicago for the night. I booked a room through the Westport hotel as well as reservations from my job as a bellhop driver. I had been informed at the airport that Chicago was changing directions due to the "Santa Knows Best" holiday season. I did not know about the change until I found out the hotel website had updated my reservation and forgot to change my email address (I had forgotten to get it back on October 26th). I was confused as to why I had to do this. How could I get in front of someone that was so open to help? How could I leave their home without giving them an answer? I figured I'd walk them to the elevator and head for the lobby to ask for someone to answer. Instead, the 2 people on the elevator just continued to answer in broken English.I called the manager to give me a refund. Not only did I no longer have to use my credit card (right on the phone) but my hotel will not refund my cashier credit card. How can you give money to someone who doesn't care about your privacy? You can get paid. I really would be forced to travel another 40-50 miles every time I come across a bill after contacting the right person. I felt as though I was being broken and I felt betrayed. I felt very angry and even though I had never before been in such an emotional state of discontent and sense of chattel I still feel like I have no control over what is said to me. I'm like a brick wall walled off from all of it. I felt like a trash can.  I felt like I couldn't breathe (and barely actually
Stuck in a corner room with previous guests roomservice outside our room all night. Guess you shouldn't expect much more for a 60$ PL bid. $50 for parking was outrageous...except a few minutes around the corner on the first floor. After checking into our room for 2-3 days, we found out that everything was alright. Everything worked flawlessly. The lobby was clean and spacious. From what I have read, this is the place to go if you want to see some nice things outside.
Stuck in a corner room with previous guests roomservice outside our room all night. Guess you shouldn't expect much more for a 60$ PL bid. $50 for parking was outrageous...fast and comfortable.Oooooh, the room was the worst place I've slept in.One word, Pwn-....Flawless. Awesome garage!Here are the previous- in May of 2014, our first floor bathroom was broken up into three sections.First, we had broken wallpaper, not cleanliness to speak of. They made a effort to resolve the issue through the salesperson, but when we tried to get him to pay for our cleaning, he said, we would lose access to the bathroom if we didn't break our broke wallpaper right away.  He went on to say, "If we didn't break our wallpaper it would definitely happen to the other two rooms in the garage, and we would either get in trouble with the garage staff or be removed from our building.  I guess if we break it it we won't have a window on our windows, or they'd just destroy our hotel."I've never stayed in a place where the title of a hotel restaurant was close to an eye-popping 10k Pounds of money.I'm going to move out to another city and find somewhere cheaper in the Chicago area.  This will only make sense if you really only have an interest in hotels (which I know the demand is high but I know it will be off).  I don't care for most restaurants in my area, but my wife and I plan to return for business in the future, or perhaps stay in a hotel another time.
We stayed at a diner the night before the proposed wedding to celebrate our sixteenth anniversary. The staff greeted us warmly.  The room was spacious, a perfect location for a romantic date or an earlier occasion.  The breakfast served was clean and delicious.  Not as big a deal as usual but nice.  Staff was friendly and attentive.  I had the lovely opportunity to chow down on some coffee and some tots!  Yes, we traveled so far that it wasn't hard to book a cab and had plenty of room to spare!
This place is nice, but the staff is weird. They try and get you to talk to them, but don't really care if it's them trying to make you feel good...it all gets resolved through emissary, but never made my hotel super fit for me. You have to walk a tightrope to get to the lobby or the front desk, and that is where the point of view actually was so you could make your sense of the rooms. There were a few drinks that weren't a bazooka, and many of them were easily forgettable.I highly recommend this place.
I have stayed here for 5 nights in a row and it is absolutely brilliant. Great location and incredible staff. All of them are "cheers." Staff is very courteous, courteous, and attentive. The room isn't small either, but the bathrooms are absolutely large and comfortable. The most convenient part is the Spa, which I recommend to everyone who isn't comfortable with swimming in a pool. The drape of the bedding right on top of the bed makes it hard to see the bed in front of you when it gets hot. Of course, my husband was on vacation and didn't want to be in a hotel in which he couldn't exercise.  So, we took advantage of the spa and in the months we stayed there were literally double the crowds that if you could get at the Times Hotel. (The Bed...that was an awesome title, but I used it for that Marriott Signature Marriott, even if you didn't mind.) Aside from the great views, the entire Hotel Rental staff really cared about their guests. They were extremely
I stayed at this place when I was working at work, first for the weekend, and then because we wanted to have a great time while working. The place is right on downtown Downtown, to downtown main avenue and Park Plaza. Wroding the walk to take in museums such as the Chicago Museum of Natural History, the Illinois Institute of Technology Museum of Technology and the Chicago Art Institute, the Loop (around West Broadway, in the historic Loop) and then I could stop and take a walk to the Pier Mill, a great place for a romantic evening without the rush of downtown traffic. We ran into more than 20 hotels, 10 boutique hotels, three restaurants with 20+ rooms (those are the ones that will make your day). The rooms are easy to fit into the room and also clean, with hand washing. The staff was friendly and attentive, including Lisa. Could not be more pleased with the fact that we ended up with a wonderful reservation at no charge, as was my advice from my own experience of the Marriott. For the price I paid, the location at Lake Michigan is worth the price, and very convenient. Stayed at Gigantic and was pleased with the menu and service.
I have been staying in a nice hotel for the last 12+ months, and this is one of the best experiences I have had in a while! This place was so clean and spacious. Great place to relax, eat food and catch a great view of downtown. Staff was very friendly, the front desk was super helpful, we took care of business for us, and the entire room was very clean! On the 1st floor, we felt comfortable and the girls were extremely attentive. Bathroom is a bit bigger than average (albeit tiny), but that is because the window shanked up the wall easily, making it easy to move around and getting the girls a shower or bathtub. Downstairs, we felt completely unwed out, and couldn't have asked for a better hotel. Booked from different local outlets in hope of a better option, but the rush of traffic wasn't pleasant, and our three room rate was higher than anyone else I have stayed at. We will be back
I love the great pool, this must be the best place for wedding day spa-type events! Every single day I'm at the Adirondacks! This is a city that looks like the beaches... (maybe I am too old for that.) I've been coming here several times because it's located in the middle of nowhere, and I wanted some unique experiences for our wedding. The restaurant is always sooo good...like that yummy wordy place with a boss! Another hotel and room that I am always looking forward to staying at, and it is the #1 bedroom right next door, regardless of whether I'm looking for a younger bride or get married to someone I like.  (My husband and I split the budget a few nights per week.) And a huge club at 13th & Webster is a great fun way to have a party. There are quite a few hydrangeas outside with a large diverse variety of rockabilly or exotic foods, all over the city, and I love them all!The room is just such a great location, perfect size and totally set in a beautiful secluded location. Room is organized perfectly, only having to provide buttons to a wheelchair and turning off the speakers. There is no need to pack a room, it's all clean and there are quite a few
I split my time between Chicago and Phoenix for work and no matter what part of town my meetings are in, I stay at The Westin Michigan Ave. The location is ideal for walking to shops, restaurants and bars. The staff is always overly friendly and really helpful. I always ask for an upgrade upon check in and get one about 75% of the time!!
Nice place to shop and service a people oriented shopping trip in the heart of downtown Chicago. Decent variety of products, services, and  cheap prices!!! The parking lot is located right next to the hotel. Best spot to grab a bite to eat/drink/drink/drink a small   sandwiches,  fruit  coffee or  martinis  in the shopping cart (at least the ones we went on a Saturday night in January!). $14-15 and breakfast and drinks.We stayed at The Regency Inn, which is really convenient - take it up a mini flight down Interstate 45, into Brickell, and some air conditioning on your car floor (less than $40).  Breakfast was fairly standard - short and sweet (dough chips, eggs and oatmeal). Dinner was good. Also offered the  restaurant from the restaurant menu, which is excellent if you want to escape Downtown. The place is a must to stay in if you plan to stay on the West Loop, especially for short, uneventful stay if you plan to spend your weekend on the West Loop (which is difficult in any city)!!!All in all I'm in Chicago and hope that these are worth it!! Next time I am in the Midwest I'll be excited to stay there!!!
I split my time between Chicago and Phoenix for work and no matter what part of town my meetings are in, I stay at The Westin Michigan Ave. The location is ideal for walking to shops, restaurants and bars. The staff is always overly friendly and really helpful. I always ask for an upgrade upon check in and get one about 75% of the time!!
This is absolutely outrageous!! It truly is a rip off of The Wizard of Oz!!  This was NOT a Chicago stay, the ambiance was dated and the service spot was shady!!!  The hotel was dreary and disorganized and definitely not the end of the world for Western Chicago.  There are plenty of places to eat in downtown, so this was simply designed to be a holiday escape.  Seriously, the room itself is extremely clean, well appointed, and clean.  A favorite spot of travelers in the city, the Bellevue Shopping Center, is a nice escape!  Another advantage of The Wizard of Oz is that it has hotels close to the city, so there is no need to rush back to Chicago to stay.  As a 4 star hotel, I would definitely recommend this place to anyone that travels anywhere!
I booked this hotel on Yelp and love it. I'm an old man who moved from Michigan so recently that the review was misleading so I can't tell you the location or how it's changed, so check out my review for yourself! Not disappointed, you get all the city amenities I promised you!  Lots of views, excellent views, good views, gym - delicious! Most of all, Parking is okay.  Rooms are locked at the back, and the bathroom is filthy.  Everything else I didn't expect! I really had expected to be disappointed if the hotel were moved, because of what they're doing with room service fees.  Some of the prices will be questionable in a hurry, but if you go for a wedding, you'll definitely find a great location.
I don't know how long ago, I went to Notre Dame when the Notre Dame football game. The hotel, known for the beautiful river views, was amazing. The staff was incredibly friendly, clean, laid back and organized. On the plus side, the facilities were new and elegant, very well appointed and even had some modern signage and signage. The hotel is right across the street from the airport which it was in, but nice to see again in the morning. The cleaning was correct
I split my time between Chicago and Phoenix for work and no matter what part of town my meetings are in, I stay at The Westin Michigan Ave. The location is ideal for walking to shops, restaurants and bars. The staff is always overly friendly and really helpful. I always ask for an upgrade upon check in and get one about 75% of the time!! Prices are reasonable, living here has never been worse.
Awesome location. The only negative I could mention here is the hotel lobby. The walls are small, don't believe me. The rooms are alright, the prices are an all time high, they are not a bargain.  The only places that were ok was Lake Michigan, or Midtown after getting stuck in our upstate area. We were not disappointed and really enjoyed our stay at Chicago.
This is the highest rated hotel in Chicago. It is very upscale with a truly modern feel to it. I am not a fan of the theme or style of the hotel, but i have never been so pleased. The room is a modern beige made with a classic feel and comfortable enough. The bathroom was clean, well maintained, had a long and beautifully done back drain, and is still fairly full even with day and night use. The bed and the dresser were a little loud at times - but again we didn't have to worry about that.  The shower here was clean and nice, the staff were friendly and helpful. Also the wall was flush clean and there was no leak around. The only thing I would say is that if you have to wait until after the day before using the room, you can stay in it longer. I would definitely stay here again.
BOOST!!! They are out of town and it takes 45 minutes to walk the room. The door was too close for me. Wifi is a little noisy. The bathrooms are terrible, they charge you $30/night. They actually shut down service over WiFi (although it turned out that the service was not working because of a broken wall)...how a hotel should do that is beyond me. This is
I split my time between Chicago and Phoenix for work and no matter what part of town my meetings are in, I stay at The Westin Michigan Ave. The location is ideal for walking to shops, restaurants and bars. The staff is always overly friendly and really helpful. I always ask for an upgrade upon check in and get one about 75% of the time!!
My son and I wanted a big, quiet wedding and so our agent decided to create a great ring. When she showed me around, I was really impressed. She gave me her wedding planner and ask me the list of ring sizes for each room. This is my response: They only offered me a small share of the table, and I could enjoy the same service they provided (because their other friend had the perfect size). So I must have misheard her. If I hadn't been embarrassed by my response, I might not have gotten a wedding planner from them!I really appreciated that the map showed us each room size, and that they showed us how small the room was. We were hoping that they might leave me with a room smaller than what was indicated in the previous document, so I can compare how tiny each room was. Well, guess what, they were taking care of that!Oh, and the bar was dirty. Way to stay clean for no extra charge. I actually recommend this place if you are looking to get married downtown Chicago. Oh yeah, don't expect to pay for a wedding, that's because the city doesn't even have a bar. And I guess, wedding planners should be grateful for the advice of their guests!If you are in the South Loop, like me, there's really no such thing as a fancy wedding! Of course
Just spent 3 days during at theWit while on business.  I could walk or take an instant cab ride to every appointment and meal.  Super convenient.  The staff was great and I felt like I got to know them personally -- even O.C. the awesome doorman.  I liked the rooms even more than a W -- stylish, great beds, nice HD... but more functional than a W.  StateLake (server Sarah was great), the community table at Ciba Mato was way fun... and David, Eric and Mike at the ROOF top bar were just fabulous -- I can't wait to go back in the summer.  theWit is now my only place to stay and party in the Windy City.<|endoftext|>
Just spent 3 days during at theWit while on business.  I could walk or take an instant cab ride to every appointment and meal.  Super convenient.  The staff was great and I felt like I got to know them personally -- even O.C. the awesome doorman.  I liked the rooms even more than a W -- stylish, great beds, nice HD... but more functional than a W.  StateLake (server Sarah was great), the community table at Ciba Mato was way fun... and David, Eric and Mike at the ROOF top bar were just fabulous -- I can't wait to go back in the summer.  theWit is now my only place to stay and party in the Windy City. I am expecting to go back in the summer -- I've been there 10 times since 2010.
Hey look, we had a crowd on our wedding night in Miami. I wanted to make a comment and tell you the 10 party planners with horrible schedules and wonderful service was really great. But if you were attending the wedding or were planning a reception, you should do the Doubletree party planning (which was awesome). Doubletree made you feel like the bride/printer had inspired you to plan a 3 person wedding (head of reception, service and reception staff) on a weekend for the entire city. The Doubletree party planner took care of
Just spent 3 days during at theWit while on business.  I could walk or take an instant cab ride to every appointment and meal.  Super convenient.  The staff was great and I felt like I got to know them personally -- even O.C. the awesome doorman.  I liked the rooms even more than a W -- stylish, great beds, nice HD... but more functional than a W.  StateLake (server Sarah was great), the community table at Ciba Mato was way fun... and David, Eric and Mike at the ROOF top bar were just fabulous -- I can't wait to go back in the summer.  theWit is now my only place to stay and party in the Windy City.
Loved this place! Room was small, accommodating, wonderful view. We had a wonderful night with guest Janice...which, they say, is a "macaroon." Which is right...he's still alive! Every night we would stay there and have a 4/20 offer from a bakery or some who had turned in their Macaroon form a couple of years ago! There were no frills around!  The hallway itself was enormous and the rooms were fresh! Great place to hang out with your loved ones and then check out the rest of the city for a relaxing weekend trip! Parking in blocks is $15 and even if you pay the light rate of $2 a minute, the rooms are quick and easy to find! If you like the hotels in downtown Chicago, then this is the place to go!
Just spent 3 days during at theWit while on business.  I could walk or take an instant cab ride to every appointment and meal.  Super convenient.  The staff was great and I felt like I got to know them personally -- even O.C. the awesome doorman.  I liked the rooms even more than a W -- stylish, great beds, nice HD... but more functional than a W.  StateLake (server Sarah was great), the community table at Ciba Mato was way fun... and David, Eric and Mike at the ROOF top bar were just fabulous -- I can't wait to go back in the summer.  theWit is now my only place to stay and party in the Windy City.  drink specials!!!
GREAT hotel!  I LOVED walking into my room and seeing beautiful wood floors and a huge shower with a full length window into the room.... too bad my roomate is a coworker!  We have been here many times from upstate New York, I'm sure, and they always look nice.  If you can pay a full rate, visit New York City, Chicago, Portland, etc. But seriously, which hotel would you go to?  Yes, that's right.  Stay here.  Cheers.
My fiance and I have been staying at the restaurant at night for three years and have not been disappointed. We stayed at Great Western for a review. It is an upscale hotel with fantastic views, full service (briskets, bar, large chandeliers), and what the word "quality" would call a nice family room with a beautiful view over the river.  The layout is a classic modern furniture & decor but the rooms are also modern & warm. There is a 2 bed room with some comfy beds for those looking to enjoy a quiet room on a cold winter night. The service is wonderful and our bar is across the street. Our rooms also have a local art installation (which they won't even show as it is part of the decor).My fiance and I felt like we deserved a room with a dresser (which they absolutely do not), but on the plus side, there was a really nice desk which helped you understand what was being done there...something which the staff gave us an extra bonus.When we got there the staff are very busy - they asked if we needed anything (since the space was tiny and tiny), when we could not help but make up our own mind! If we could not hear them, we just wanted to leave and never return. Parking was $20 and didn't offer any car service. We decided to stay in my girlfriend's room because we have a room in the back of a department store and the car's parking is reasonable.The next morning after we left (we booked an hour later), the front desk informed us that the unit had been replaced due to human error. When we asked if they would upgrade the car a few days later, the desk representative said that they had already done so - they had no computer system in the car
I had the best hotel I have stayed in and had to recommend it. It's not because of anything, but because the staff is above average! It's just a WALL!! The bar at my bar (on the east side of Midtown) is really close and we weren't allowed in until the front desk came back and told us. The guests are clean and friendly, a great neighborhood place to hang out and relax with friends. Staff is friendly, helpful and welcoming, and the space on the bus wasn't small for my needs. The hotel is a prime spot for exploring town and the staff was fun and knowledgeable. I would recommend to anyone looking for a romantic, high end hotel!
I arrived to see the Rome Exposition this week!  The hotel was beautiful and very clean.The staff here are friendly, professional, and accommodating. I checked in and it was 6:15pm.  I stayed at the Martini at 2:00pm, that was super early. The room was cleaned at a respectable rate. There were 4 "eaten nicks" on the carpet from my towels, and my tea towel had not been cleaned, but was fine!  I loved the L'Eperrence Motel lobby and the Hotel Motel.  The staff and location are super cool and comfortable, your are greeted very courteously. The star restaurant King and Caesar is somewhere on location too, so give it a try!You'll find free parking at the front desk! Highly recommend this hotel!
GREAT hotel!  I LOVED walking into my room and seeing beautiful wood floors and a huge shower with a full length window into the room.... too bad my roomate is a coworker!  I stayed here on business on a beautiful weekend for the weekend and our suite had NO FREE room available in the front room. I also tried the AT&T Doubletree hotel on a Saturday for my 11/28/2018.  The hotel was great, convenient, and provided me with a great value. The only thing is that I would never recommend using this hotel unless you have vacation planned!
We booked the Holiday Inn Chicago because it's great. The layout was perfect and had all the rooms throughout the Downtown of Chicago. It offered a chance to party somewhere a bit more unique. I was so excited to come back to Chicago, and the hotels are so unique they completely redefine the dance floor.  This hotel is even more special because it is located right on Magnificent Mile.  Our only gripe I had was that the parking had gone up. Every time I use the hotel the front of my car was towed out of the carport. I felt like a broken record, although for the price I was losing. Overall, I would recommend the Holiday Inn Chicago over anywhere else!
This is the bar at The Suites in Atlanta, so it's a 4-star hotel.  However, stay a while if you can.  On the one hand, there's not that many better bars.  One point: the showers are not as hot as you'd like.  On the other, don't expect to get hit-and-run.  But hey...there are cars, if you can drive by one that will ride on the hotel, remember - have fun there!
Not a huge fan of this hotel.  But  the toilet was clean and it's small,  it can seat up to 40 people  pretty well.  A  day's worth of work in some of the rooms is pretty nice.  Had a few choices for per person to check-in: Amaterasu Bathroom, it was more the usual  with 3 (3 people) toilets and neither was too busy cleaning it (which is ok considering it took a few minutes) though we expected a bit more duty.  After checking in, the staff was super helpful and the decor was quite good.  The rooms we stayed at were perfect, the front desk and receptionist super friendly. But they gave us many complaints and we wanted them to be addressed at the office rather than at the hotel itself.
My daughter and I stayed here on a business trip.  Our room was cheap and took about 45 minutes. Our guests were great and all of the staff was extremely helpful.  The air conditioning in our room continued to improve for about 3 hours after we left the hotel.  The staff is loud, outgoing, helpful, courteous and happy to help.   The room temperature was.05, and the building was 20 feet below freezing.  We returned to the hotel early one morning and there was an issue with their menu that I did not know until I checked in.   I was perplexed at why they had not updated the menu.   The restaurant should have also made changes.  They again tried to fill in the menus by back up the water level by doing this in the lobby and in the floor.  The elevators are not working and even when I checked in to check in a few minutes later, they didn't get my boarding pass so it was a complaint.   I now have two other options, look for a hotel in the area and/or go elsewhere.
Took the cheapest hotel in Chicago out of a lot of different directions.  It was finally booked from zebra's and it was close to a decent rate so that was okay.  And the W hotel was priced by the hour and if you think like me, even then this will be your best option for getting a reasonable rate.
Wyoming - Very quiet historic Western castle. The elevators never took a beat. You can get anywhere on the lobby floor. There are even a fan in the pool where the lake surface doesn't swim. There are 2 runways. One that's more or less on your left and one that's on your right. We came back for dinner and the service was quick and attentive. Our friends and I stayed at the Palace suite and the TV screens were yellow and connected us to the local cable network which was nice. For the extra service we had, check out the king bed in the old Zeppelin cabins on the Roosevelt and look out the elevator up through the main window.It's gorgeous - amazing views of Virginia. We recommend driving over there.
Beautiful room overlooking lots of grand views and other pleasant outdoor activities. The house is beautiful - there is no difference between the hotel rooms or the beachfront areas.I bought this car back in September 2007 when I was a kid and this place serves me well. I keep returning to this little loop destination every couple of years but in the end it's because of the location.  The parking for rooms I use is in a West
Great view of the North Shore & the lake & north side of town! This is by far my go to stay at  La Sata!  If you like cleanliness & design, then this is it!  The rooms and bathrooms were clean, light, and inviting! If you like taste and vibe, this is for you! If you really want to make the best of your stay, then this hotel is definitely your go to place!
Wow, that hotel, now there are no more rude hotels in the area.  They are basically quite nice hotels, with sleek decor, nice bathroom, etc.  The rooms are comfortable - which may be to do with the fact that there are many different guest rooms and beds/beds.  All told, the hotel provides a true treatment to downtown Philadelphia and this is even more important than being close to historic landmarks and tourist attractions.  Holiday shopping is, on a business level, well worth a visit, as do all the restaurants, bars, shops, night clubs, street  attractions and hotels that line the city.
The lobby is awesome. The rooms are so small it looks like you could walk up to 30 carriages in a day.  I thought that was nice, but it was easy.  The bathroom is second class hotel and looks magnificent (except for the small closet).  The service in the hotel is always great, especially when checking out for group meetings and listening to old soul groups on government satellite channels. This is the best place in the city to be when you are taking a weekend with friends and family for a weekend trip!
Good deal, very efficient and free, four stars! (sorry that's just a quote) - but nothing spectacular! 3 star hotel in hotels! We traveled the night and had great complimentary beers and snacks.  Every meal was great - which is always nice.
I absolutely love the James Hotel, this is one of the Best hotels that I have ever stayed at!  The room was very nice and the bathroom was very cool.  The bar was nice and the concierge and doormen treated you like a rockstar!  The food was ok but it was an outside marvel.The Room Service:  Great location, clean, elegant & fairly priced. The service on my  account was as good as is for the location.  I hope they make some improvements on the service so they can add an upscale location.  I expected a brick and mortar desk at our hotel and I didn't have any problems.  This place is top notch.  Very grateful!!!
I absolutely love the James Hotel, this is one of the Best hotels that I have ever stayed at!  The room was very nice and the bathroom was very cool.  The bar was nice and the concierge and doormen treated you like a rockstar!The dorm room was booked at an easy rate, yet was still better than I expected. I was so excited to have my uncle on my tiny bed for a short time, considering my size, but when we got there my boyfriend decided to put me on another one.  I didn't have the same expectation, and it didn't help my bed. The heating up wasn't great, it was WAY too hot to start with, and it was starting to dark on the outside when we started to get in the bed, so I couldn't move my feet easily.  They didn't know we had rooms with multiple elevators, and all the other rooms sounded like they were looking down on us.  Apparently if we'd switched rooms, our room might have been ready for us already! I will NEVER repeat the mistake my boyfriend made!
First place trip: wow! I didn't expect such a high pick-up rate, but they do not disappoint. They provided everything needed for the event.  Up the stairs to the tower, there was a restaurant, two bookers, a range control, a walker, toiletries, two beds, food and lots more.  I guess they are an actual vending machine?  Granted, there are trains there on regular trains, but it was a great experience!  This hotel is very close to O'Neill because of the Green Line.  Downtown is very convenient, but you have to wait a few blocks or take a bus to get there.
If you are looking for a good price, this is pretty much it, but spend a few extra dollars and get a nice room, say the Doubletree.  This particular Red Roof Inn needs to be totally gutted and renovated.  It is terrible.  It was the worst night I have ever spent at a hotel in my life and I have travelled quite a bit.  Even a little motel in the upper peninsula of Michigan is nicer and cleaner than this place!   I complained and got my money back, but it took 3 weeks.   The manager was very nice and said they were going to be putting in new floors, but it needs so much more work than this!  It is a shame, because it is in a great location, walking distance of the Magnificent Mile.  Don't go looking for cheaper hotels.  We will stay here in the coming weeks!
If you are looking for a good price, this is pretty much it, but spend a few extra dollars and get a nice room, say the Doubletree.  This particular Red Roof Inn needs to be totally gutted and renovated.  It is terrible.  It was the worst night I have ever spent at a hotel in my life and I have travelled quite a bit.  Even a little motel in the upper peninsula of Michigan is nicer and cleaner than this place!   I complained and got my money back, but it took 3 weeks.   The manager was very nice and said they were going to be putting in new floors, but it needs so much more work than this!  It is a shame, because it is in a great location, walking distance of the Magnificent Mile.  "Don't call us old fashioned!" - EdgerICK  The bedrooms are all screwed shut and I have to be super thankful that I am not bothering to park.  The toilet is filthy.  The shower is dirty.  Bedding is broken and you have to take a shower!!  I go to them every night and am quite tired from having to rush through the front desk/web page to send emails.  It makes the room feel really dingy.  The beds are NOT ON RECOMMENDATIONS.  But don't get sucked into a booking, it is already booked.
This hotel offers a range of... lovely, luxurious, fresh air, beautiful views, unique flavors of coffee and sweet juices. And are very friendly.  So try it, can't beat the menu. I ordered a pint of wine and it was rich and refreshing. Not even close. The ambiance - good, slow, the place sprightly, open to the public. Perfect location for a night on the town - or stay back on a Saturday night - the wifi is slow and the wireless helps.
If you are looking for a good price, this is pretty much it, but spend a few extra dollars and get a nice room, say the Doubletree.  This particular Red Roof Inn needs to be totally gutted and renovated.  It is terrible.  It was the worst night I have ever spent at a hotel in my life and I have travelled quite a bit.  Even a little motel in the upper peninsula of Michigan is nicer and cleaner than this place!   I complained and got my money back, but it took 3 weeks.   The manager was very nice and said they were going to be putting in new floors, but it needs so much more work than this!  It is a shame, because it is in a great location, walking distance of the Magnificent Mile.
Loved the B&H they changed the staff upon request and they are very good. Was having trouble staying in the hotel the night before at first due to the noise. First thing I did was ask if it was ok for food. The no worries ordered, nothing. Great place to hang out, stay if you're wondering if it's the best day for you or a good reason for staying there. The only problem was that the room we were in was very dim in the morning due to the very tight security lock. Upon entry, the ladies room had WAY too much light for my liking. Let's be real, a 300W planar would have been great. So yeah, the place is small, the people in the room are very nice, however, the kind of people who won't let you forget, or leave behind, what they had been doing overnight.
This place smells and looks like death. The staff is rude, the carpet looks like a million years old, the heat (which we didn't think we'd even need) is shady, at best. My girlfriend swore up and down the bathroom door didn't close all the way. For what we paid and the hype about this place....el gross-o! Definitely wanted to stay here.
Stayed here for my final weekend as I was going to tour the Dura Duva.  So I got a great deal on the roof over my head, then checked into hotel at 11pm, but wasn't really expecting any wait.  They open their doors early with the crowd turned their heads as the show starts so a hotel stay is a bit...*frank* scary. I was staying on two rooms from 7pm, so I wouldn't be able to stay there until later in the day due to my 2:30am local start time.  The room was just sitting on the corner and a staircase, which was a little annoying.  I expected to hear a few pops or pop noise through the front window, but I wasn't expecting it, so I didn't hear it as much as expected.  Speaking of pop noises, the small bed-side mirror on the room counter is a sign of a Freudian treatment of cold. I walked over to the door, opened it and was pleasantly surprised that it was gone.  Up in the lobby I called the hotel for a cab, which they gave me a 2 hour wait.  No luck.  Or better yet, was conveniently absent from the lobby because of no wifi.  Btw, the elevators don't turn green all the time in hotels with on-site wifi, so you need to unplug and turn on the TV's and just plug it back into the room.  And now I'm surprised this place doesn't open late.
I stayed here for St. Patrick's day. I always use yelp to check out hotels so i figured I would contribute. Its a little bit of a walk to the red line. I believe it was the Grand stop. The hotel was pretty much as expected. Small bathroom but it served its purpose. Beds were a decent size and appeared clean. Plasma TV was nice. about 100 bucks a night. It seems Brett C. had  some trouble with parking. I used Midway Easy Park and it worked out fine. 10 bucks a day and the drive you to midway airport, just hop on the subway and go into the city. 5th floor rooms have concierge or cash bar for there expense. The sun seems to set over the lobby. I did a quick check with my manager the night before the trip. i asked if she had a "hotel room", they said yes,  i saw the room in a S elton on the 3rd floor. its a nice one. people are very nice and have high expectations for others and here's hoping someone is going to be flexible about the price range.maybe they just never found out?now I should add this check out was a smaller than expected! stay.
Was my first visit to this esteemed hotel! I was extremely impressed with the wonderful furniture, ceilings, and cleanliness. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. The room was clean, tidy, and beautiful. Service was highly courteous and the rooms were clean with simple amenities (mains power and microwave outlets, internet). We will definitely go back to our previous yelp review of Tempe State University and would not hesitate to recommend this college to anyone looking to add a romantic vacation to their itinerary!
A time capsule from the streets to an exciting future!  But, it was quite expensive.  The room was rather small, but gorgeous.  I would recommend trying the Millennium with a view.  The 3E window alone makes it look like you are on vacation in historic downtown Chicago.  Anyways, breakfast was the cheapest I have ever stayed at Hotel Cancun.  I definitely recommend this hotel.
I stayed here for St. Patrick's day. I always use yelp to check out hotels so i figured I would contribute. Its a little bit of a walk to the red line. I believe it was the Grand stop. The hotel was pretty much as expected. Small bathroom but it served its purpose. Beds were a decent size and appeared clean. Plasma TV was nice. about 100 bucks a night. It seems Brett C. had  some trouble with parking. I used Midway Easy Park and it worked out fine. 10 bucks a day and the drive you to midway airport, just hop on the subway and go into the city. Next door on B Street there is 4 other blocks that get very slow because of the rush hour traffic. The other 5 have busy corridors. You will most definitely be hitting either of the other 2.5 block chains. No panic, just street shopping. Overnight I used a Dana Direct Bed which was a bit of a pain in the ass. Hot water was as close as I had come to non-existent tap water or taxi service. There was no mention of what hotel I called the hookah in the intercom, or tell one's friends about it.There is a dining room to the north but it is mostly tastefully clean. Not a huge amount of amenities but a fairly decent sized table. Almost like a massage room in its own right.  Really  doesn't compare to what other places have. The lobby looked nice but you are really taking a bath with your face uncovered and the doorway to the hallway was about 2 feet high and had a faded looking ceiling with it. I would not have stayed here again.
I just received my book deal from Big Bookings, check it out!  As I already mentioned in my review of the hotel, the time was right to see the Best Buy and the city is right around the corner.  Only one more night to get back to the hotel.  The front desk staff was the only other staff I saw.  We also heard from the front desk two more times during our stay there.  We stayed in a small room, which was perfect as was the queen size bed. The bed was very comfortable. You can't really see it, but everything you see will get an approximate feel of the room.  However, everything about the room from the people on the staff to the view deck are horrible. I'd recommend getting a bed with a shade
I stayed here for St. Patrick's day. I always use yelp to check out hotels so i figured I would contribute. Its a little bit of a walk to the red line. I believe it was the Grand stop. The hotel was pretty much as expected. Small bathroom but it served its purpose. Beds were a decent size and appeared clean. Plasma TV was nice. about 100 bucks a night. It seems Brett C. had  some trouble with parking. I used Midway Easy Park and it worked out fine. 10 bucks a day and the drive you to midway airport, just hop on the subway and go into the city. The only thing that needs fixing is parking.  The lobby is old and ugly.  The furniture is contemporary and modern, very comfortable and comfy. To top all that, I was impressed with the location and decor of the pool. There were toiletries, towels, etc. The pool was awesome and well made. I loved the view but everything I saw was outdated or questionable in some way. I definitely stay at a tiny hotel with an ass-on view and no complaints. Stayers need to be very self-aware as to what they expect. Don't let others like me deceive you!
My friend and I went to this hotel last October when we had a club go down. It was a quick and beautiful hotel but couldn't get enough of that wit we wanted something spectacular. When we arrived at our room in the lobby and went up to the lower level, we saw the windows open! Soon after that we were awakened to a loud bang! You'll definitely have to stay at this hotel if you like boozing some really nice, really loud booze. Security, Wicker Park security, unannounced car-chase and more security, car chases. My friend and I moved to Milwaukee in 2010. We never heard anything suspicious as this type of incident often happens here. We recently traveled to Detroit. We went down to the Doubletree this time and it was always rude. They called us repeatedly. It was always bothering us, always upset. I kept looking through the lobby for a no-no until the lights went out and
I stayed here for St. Patrick's day. I always use yelp to check out hotels so i figured I would contribute. Its a little bit of a walk to the red line. I believe it was the Grand stop. The hotel was pretty much as expected. Small bathroom but it served its purpose. Beds were a decent size and appeared clean. Plasma TV was nice. about 100 bucks a night. It seems Brett C. had  some trouble with parking. I used Midway Easy Park and it worked out fine. 10 bucks a day and the drive you to midway airport, just hop on the subway and go into the city.
the hotel looks so good.the comfy couch is relaxing and the bar is probably better suited for "restaurant buddies".it was bed covered and comfortable, for me. and the room in the middle of the room was really nice and clean. It was not a dream come true. THE PRICE. They only pay $200 a night for a "room" and "bugout room"  for anyone else  but the ballroom manager gives credit for that. I didn't ask for much cash at all. So, after I used the ballroom for a few weeks, I won't be staying there again. And my husband received a call for help from this place!!!
If you enjoyed "night and day" hotels then you may be more than a bit disappointed with this place.  They also provide many amenities for weekend nights.  Let me explain: A great location (and every night we were there was a great deal higher than previous locations) is just outside of Downtown.  And considering the town is located 15 minutes from downtown, the hotel takes up most or all of their space in about 30 minutes.  We got quite a lot of traffic from Chicago though the rules weren't that aggressive.So my poor brother and I were just trying to stay in our rooms when a friend of ours, the email being recorded from a previous room only got the call back from the phone. The email (the first of our free 6 month limit) said the front desk was unable to call until we checked the check in  and that we hadn't checked in and then in. So I found out about this in email or text from a friend. And it didn't take long for the man to have a heart attack on me (lol). But the housekeeping told me that in our next room was a
The room was ok and comfortable with a great view of the skyline (20th floor). But a little dated. The wireless internet didn't work at all. Service at the front desk was cool. I also enjoyed  the Skyline Bar. I like the complementary buffet. Parking was pricey but so is the rest of Downtown Chicago.A few complaints -- the "Business Center" was horrible and charge per minute to use the computers, or per page for print/fax. Also wanted you to swipe your credit card for a $40.00 hold that was unrealistic and before we know it, the screen is completely black. I am far from a designer, but after years of going to the store I just can't believe I didn't pay for that.
The room was ok and comfortable with a great view of the skyline (20th floor). But a little dated. The wireless internet didn't work at all. Service at the front desk was cool. I also enjoyed  the Skyline Bar. I like the complementary buffet. Parking was pricey but so is the rest of Downtown Chicago.A few complaints -- the "Business Center" was horrible and charge per minute to use the computers, or per page for print/fax. Also wanted you to swipe your credit card for a $40.00 hold that was unrealistic. Now they're using the stamp system at the card counter. Don't call me that.I'm a 2 year old kids' fan of the Millennium Hotel & Tower (heirloom). We have a wide variety of programs and the Millennium's convenient concierge service. We've had amazing guests staying at the Millennium on Wednesdays & Thursdays (my husband and I really enjoyed our stay!).Our room is warm but feels uncomfortable in the humidest rooms because the elevators don't run every hour or two. Plus, the Times Square Hotel is tiny. We complain so much about how small the hotel is. We complain because there's an awful lot of empty space in the rooms and the Times Square hotels have little of the attractive, trendy or modern decor of the other hotels they have booked.In short, when I stay here my problem is that I'm treated like a shopping kingpin when not on a shopping trip. I rarely visit a lot of upscale hotels, but the One World Plaza recently rebranded to The Millennium Tower and was making an appearance! I'd go back there now if I could.The Millennium Tower is right in the heart of Downtown Chicago. I love the museums, shops, restaurants, shops. Plus it's a gre
Did you know that modern city is great for shopping? Although luxury stays in Chicago can vary from room to room, that's part of the appeal. There is also a micro-restaurant called J'Guifei that you can eat in the lobby. It's pretty standard across the board, but you could see a glimpse of the city during your stay. The real star is the Westin restaurant, an exquisite example of innovation. You'll find
The room was ok and comfortable with a great view of the skyline (20th floor). But a little dated. The wireless internet didn't work at all. Service at the front desk was cool. I also enjoyed  the Skyline Bar. I like the complementary buffet. Parking was pricey but so is the rest of Downtown Chicago.A few complaints -- the "Business Center" was horrible and charge per minute to use the computers, or per page for print/fax. Also wanted you to swipe your credit card for a $40.00 hold that was unrealistic. The "Executive Office" is a good place to start looking up tax and deducts for your hotel. I've gone to this company several times and stayed on 10th Avenue because of it and another couple said they had a great place to stay.  I'll return once I see what I can find at most in Downtown Chicago.
The room was ok and comfortable with a great view of the skyline (20th floor). But a little dated. The wireless internet didn't work at all. Service at the front desk was cool. I also enjoyed  the Skyline Bar. I like the complementary buffet. Parking was pricey but so is the rest of Downtown Chicago.A few complaints -- the "Business Center" was horrible and charge per minute to use the computers, or per page for print/fax. Also wanted you to swipe your credit card for a $40.00 hold that was unrealistic. There were several signs on every building building that read "Business Center." http://goo.gl/RM7GkL. There are no pre-booked online courses and no guarantees of advance notice.Just feel free to take the elevator down from 9:00 PM to the next building. Rest assured your suite and other buildings aren't coming back for another three months. So head downtown next time you make the trip and I'll give you an awesome $200 parking fee if you keep your room booked for a few days.So what does your stay have in common with other downtown Chicago hotels? First and foremost, more food than at a hotel would encourage you to visit. I don't mind the weather and I've never been a huge fan of cold. In contrast, here are some other Chicago hospitality amenities that you should be considering:The ideal Chicago hotel experience is a chance to experience everything that we love: outdoor activities, beautiful hotel accommodations, eating at a good food joint, being entertained in the state of Michigan, world class restaurants, and the view from Chicago's waterfront. This may be the size of a typical hotel room but it will give you an excellent view of
We booked Hotel Felix using Priceline for my family and me. We were shocked when we got this boutique hotel, as we have successfully used priceline in the past for many family outings in the city.  We definitely were hesitant once I read the reviews.  We checked in at 3:30 and they did not have two queen beds available.  We were then told that if we can wait 30 minutes they will have a room ready.  Great!  We took the kids to dinner (and told them we would be back in an hour).  We got back to the hotel a little after 5:00 and the room was still not ready.  We finally got into our room at 5:30.  During our wait, a hotel representative came out and gave us two drink tickets (a glass of wine was $11 each) and two boxes of chocolates for the kids.  This was not a great start since the hotel lobby alone is not kid friendly.  I felt like I had to keep shushing my kids (8, 6, and 3).We finally got into our room with two double beds.  Oh my, this is the SMALLEST room I have ever stayed in.  I stayed in much larger rooms in Europe and New York.  I completely agree with one reviewer that stated it is smaller than a cruise ship room.  We had no more than a few feet between the wall and bed.  I nailed my leg on the bed frame pretty good navigating between kids and luggage and I am sure our hotel neighbors heard me scream.  Again, this is not a kid friendly hotel!  The bed seemed smaller length wise (both my husband and mine were hanging off and we are under six feet tall).  The bathroom was clean, the middle table with the clock and lamp has never been dusted.  The HVAC was loud and rattled throughout the night...a sign that this was an older
We booked Hotel Felix using Priceline for my family and me. We were shocked when we got this boutique hotel, as we have successfully used priceline in the past for many family outings in the city.  We definitely were hesitant once I read the reviews.  We checked in at 3:30 and they did not have two queen beds available.  We were then told that if we can wait 30 minutes they will have a room ready.  Great!  We took the kids to dinner (and told them we would be back in an hour).  We got back to the hotel a little after 5:00 and the room was still not ready.  We finally got into our room at 5:30.  During our wait, a hotel representative came out and gave us two drink tickets (a glass of wine was $11 each) and two boxes of chocolates for the kids.  This was not a great start since the hotel lobby alone is not kid friendly.  I felt like I had to keep shushing my kids (8, 6, and 3).We finally got into our room with two double beds.  Oh my, this is the SMALLEST room I have ever stayed in.  I stayed in much larger rooms in Europe and New York.  I completely agree with one reviewer that stated it is smaller than a cruise ship room.  We had no more than a few feet between the wall and bed.  I nailed my leg on the bed frame pretty good navigating between kids and luggage and I am sure our hotel neighbors heard me scream.  Again, this is not a kid friendly hotel!  The bed seemed smaller length wise (both my husband and mine were hanging off and we are under six feet tall).  The bathroom was clean, the middle table with the clock and lamp has never been dusted.  The HVAC was loud and rattled throughout the night...a sign that this was an older
We booked Hotel Felix using Priceline for my family and me. We were shocked when we got this boutique hotel, as we have successfully used priceline in the past for many family outings in the city.  We definitely were hesitant once I read the reviews.  We checked in at 3:30 and they did not have two queen beds available.  We were then told that if we can wait 30 minutes they will have a room ready.  Great!  We took the kids to dinner (and told them we would be back in an hour).  We got back to the hotel a little after 5:00 and the room was still not ready.  We finally got into our room at 5:30.  During our wait, a hotel representative came out and gave us two drink tickets (a glass of wine was $11 each) and two boxes of chocolates for the kids.  This was not a great start since the hotel lobby alone is not kid friendly.  I felt like I had to keep shushing my kids (8, 6, and 3).We finally got into our room with two double beds.  Oh my, this is the SMALLEST room I have ever stayed in.  I stayed in much larger rooms in Europe and New York.  I completely agree with one reviewer that stated it is smaller than a cruise ship room.  We had no more than a few feet between the wall and bed.  I nailed my leg on the bed frame pretty good navigating between kids and luggage and I am sure our hotel neighbors heard me scream.  Again, this is not a kid friendly hotel!  The bed seemed smaller length wise (both my husband and mine were hanging off and we are under six feet tall).  The bathroom was clean, the middle table with the clock and lamp has never been dusted.  The HVAC was loud and rattled throughout the night...a sign that this was an older
We booked Hotel Felix using Priceline for my family and me. We were shocked when we got this boutique hotel, as we have successfully used priceline in the past for many family outings in the city.  We definitely were hesitant once I read the reviews.  We checked in at 3:30 and they did not have two queen beds available.  We were then told that if we can wait 30 minutes they will have a room ready.  Great!  We took the kids to dinner (and told them we would be back in an hour).  We got back to the hotel a little after 5:00 and the room was still not ready.  We finally got into our room at 5:30.  During our wait, a hotel representative came out and gave us two drink tickets (a glass of wine was $11 each) and two boxes of chocolates for the kids.  This was not a great start since the hotel lobby alone is not kid friendly.  I felt like I had to keep shushing my kids (8, 6, and 3).We finally got into our room with two double beds.  Oh my, this is the SMALLEST room I have ever stayed in.  I stayed in much larger rooms in Europe and New York.  I completely agree with one reviewer that stated it is smaller than a cruise ship room.  We had no more than a few feet between the wall and bed.  I nailed my leg on the bed frame pretty good navigating between kids and luggage and I am sure our hotel neighbors heard me scream.  Again, this is not a kid friendly hotel!  The bed seemed smaller length wise (both my husband and mine were hanging off and we are under six feet tall).  The bathroom was clean, the middle table with the clock and lamp has never been dusted.  The HVAC was loud and rattled throughout the night...a sign that this was an older
My best friend and I stayed here for a girl's night out.....the service was ok.  The hotel is in an ideal location for going out on the town.  I loved the architectural design of the building--uber trendy--the beds were VERY comfy.  Now, the shower I was not impressed with since there are no shower doors!  Water kept getting all over the bathroom so you have to be careful.  Also at one point during the evening an employee let himself into our room with his room key at approx. 8 pm asking us if we wanted a "turn down service"!  The staff was not the friendly and some of them were out and out rude.  The price was reasonable however...and the spa was "just okay". Probably wouldn't go back again.
In Chicago the building is gorgeous but terrible compared to the hostel of a comparable hotel in Paris in a very hotellike, perhaps best case scenario. I've stayed at different inns in Chicago, but the hotel is the single greatest disappointment of my stay. There is one thing you may not know about the suite and that is that it is very tight. You never felt comfortable and could fall asleep in it. Every room had to be turned to a place for you to put your clothes to in your room. I recommend you
My best friend and I stayed here for a girl's night out.....the service was ok.  The hotel is in an ideal location for going out on the town.  I loved the architectural design of the building--uber trendy--the beds were VERY comfy.  Now, the shower I was not impressed with since there are no shower doors!  Water kept getting all over the bathroom so you have to be careful.  Also at one point during the evening an employee let himself into our room with his room key at approx. 8 pm asking us if we wanted a "turn down service"!  The staff was not the friendly and some of them were out and out rude.  The price was reasonable however...and the spa was "just okay". Probably wouldn't go back again.
My best friend and I stayed here for a girl's night out.....the service was ok.  The hotel is in an ideal location for going out on the town.  I loved the architectural design of the building--uber trendy--the beds were VERY comfy.  Now, the shower I was not impressed with since there are no shower doors!  Water kept getting all over the bathroom so you have to be careful.  Also at one point during the evening an employee let himself into our room with his room key at approx. 8 pm asking us if we wanted a "turn down service"!  The staff was not the friendly and some of them were out and out rude.  The price was reasonable however...and the spa was "just okay". Probably wouldn't go back again.
I have been staying at this hotel for a few years now and it was wonderful! No need for fancy equipment to get "in the room."You didn't have to have a bathroom mirror or anything, just be careful to use something we had or our friend would try. Since rooms are parking lots, and no valet parking is required, there are a lot of shops throughout the property.Cons: Parking machines or part of an underpass sometimes offer parking, so be careful if you use the automatic option (sold separately). The room was nice, but was not comfortable for my short hike. And there are a few other issues. The people at reception have clearly promised not to talk about parking.Speaking of parking... there is no free "free parking" available anywhere at this hotel! When I first arrived at the Marriott this morning, I was told it was part of the online shopping network for hosting websites. Then I realized it was a hotel registration service that was a full pop, because the network for Hotwire used Hotwire. This didn't work for hotel guests. Finally I found out from Hotel Staff that they couldn't sign out of an area because of this. They don't even have a staff member on duty! I have it on my record that they were notified by the staff member that the Internet system was really busy, and that they have to call up these people. It really needs a solution!I would rate this hotel 5 stars if it weren't for the service provided by the Staff.
After 6 reviews I like the room. First on the left, but my bathroom sink is outdated. All else okay. Next, clean, and reasonably priced.
My best friend and I stayed here for a girl's night out.....the service was ok.  The hotel is in an ideal location for going out on the town.  I loved the architectural design of the building--uber trendy--the beds were VERY comfy.  Now, the shower I was not impressed with since there are no shower doors!  Water kept getting all over the bathroom so you have to be careful.  Also at one point during the evening an employee let himself into our room with his room key at approx. 8 pm asking us if we wanted a "turn down service"!  The staff was not the friendly and some of them were out and out rude.  The price was reasonable however...and the spa was "just okay". Probably wouldn't go back again.  The staff always has a smile on their face and the room, if clean, will soon be a part of the Peninsula.
Jerry Kleiner is a restaurant god in Chicago- Gioco, Red Light, Opera, Marche, Sako (now closed).  He is part owner of this spot.  Don't be intimidated by the line out the door, dress code, or guest list.  We found ourselves sharing a drink with the owner by the end of the night.  Don't expect much in terms of music or dance, you're here for the ambiance.  A memorable step away from the usual, worth the cab ride.  Difficult to find if you aren't familiar with the area.
I stayed at the old Kent Rock Hotel a few years ago and enjoyed it and the outdoor areas. The lobby was beautiful. There are contemporary decor options. Its staff were friendly and accommodating. It is quiet, quiet and friendly. There are great restaurants and bars in downtown Chicago. The room is decorated and has excellent views. This is the #1 hotel and has some great location in the city.
Had a great experience at the Mallier hotel. I hadn't been here before and was so enthralled by the location and service I got there to check in to this lovely historic space! There was a BOMBER of small bells and whistles filled the room, great touches, lots of red lights and everything in between. Only thing missing was a car and the spa just before I left: our rooms were very hot. But, over time the hotel has evolved and there are cool things in this city. They have been transferring a lot of the old hotel business to people who live downtown. I would go to their New York resort and love it.
I know for a fact that Seattle had a great hotel and I thought I would write about it in the Winter but since I had my own room, this book is for you! The location, large windows, elevator, and public parking in the south room came standard. The staff was friendly and didn't look in search of someone that is a 3 star barometer. What a great idea!
Jerry Kleiner is a restaurant god in Chicago- Gioco, Red Light, Opera, Marche, Sako (now closed).  He is part owner of this spot.  Don't be intimidated by the line out the door, dress code, or guest list.  We found ourselves sharing a drink with the owner by the end of the night.  Don't expect much in terms of music or dance, you're here for the ambiance.  A memorable step away from the usual, worth the cab ride.  Difficult to find if you aren't familiar with the area.
Jerry Kleiner is a restaurant god in Chicago- Gioco, Red Light, Opera, Marche, Sako (now closed).  He is part owner of this spot.  Don't be intimidated by the line out the door, dress code, or guest list.  We found ourselves sharing a drink with the owner by the end of the night.  Don't expect much in terms of music or dance, you're here for the ambiance.  A memorable step away from the usual, worth the cab ride.  Difficult to find if you aren't familiar with the area.
Jerry Kleiner is a restaurant god in Chicago- Gioco, Red Light, Opera, Marche, Sako (now closed).  He is part owner of this spot.  Don't be intimidated by the line out the door, dress code, or guest list.  We found ourselves sharing a drink with the owner by the end of the night.  Don't expect much in terms of music or dance, you're here for the ambiance.  A memorable step away from the usual, worth the cab ride.  Difficult to find if you aren't familiar with the area.
Had a nice stay here this weekend. The service was great, the room is nice and clean, and the room service is great. I liked the pool tables, some general basic marinate tables, and the concierge staff was awesome. The glass ceiling, which I didn't see during my stay, was extremely hard to read as well and the bed was very comfortable. Everything on the desk was comfortable as well. The dresser staff  can be difficult to work with as it was 3 weeks in the shower and 2 weeks in the tub. After contacting the hotel, it was determined they were trying to put a negative number on the hotel booking. To add insult to injury I was placed in the hotel by a staff member who constantly complained that the staff were making a 'lame' effort to get me to leave. I don't know what the event was about, but there's no sign of the hotel being very accommodating. It's okay to get upset, but this place will never leave you disappointed.  Don't get to stay here if you plan on coming to Chicago.
I liked the room, the decor and the service. The room was nice and clean. The drawers were nice. The tv provided the place where I can watch movies. The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. The restaurant near the lobby was also good to have.
Fantastic rental city and spot. A great hotel in downtown Detroit. The elevators are convenient and beautiful. Lots of clean bathrooms and welcoming staff. A tip - You should pick up one of the many CUSTOM HOTELS.
Would never go back to another hotel that didn't have comparable rooms. Rooms in IH to different hotels - Chicago, Chicago IL and just about anywhere else in the nation. The rooms look nice but if not, you've been in the wrong hotel and it will be gone.
This was a day trip. Weird weather here when I first arrived and the hotel didn't offer accommodations. Before getting to the hotel though, let me explain why this was my first visit.  My dad traveled a few years ago and was now doing freelance work in the Chicago area.   This is one of the only rooms that has decent fire service during his stay here.  The noise is as bad as before, but all told, it seems like the room was fine.  The rooms sound very clean and clean and within walking distance to the North Star on the Charles River.  Additionally, there is a screen in the hallway that says no bath tubs or shower accessories are available.  Finally, the staff is mean, but really helpful and helpful.I went there because I wanted to experience the Art Institute's The Moon, which is located at just north of Chicago.  The small rate of $20-$45 per night would have been right around $70-80 per night without hotel renovations or renovations.  The drinks in the hotel were amazing, the staff was very friendly, and the room was very comfortable.All in all, I have the greatest deal I have ever had at a hotel. This was a BIG deal, but for a business that is rated at the Top 5 for "Energy," I will try to stay there again.  If the Planet Rocket gets for him, then who knows...it'll be a big deal for us in Chicago!
Absolutely fantastic. People that didn't like this place need to take in to account a few things: the price, the location, the service, they fact that it is environmentally friendly. I rate each of those five stars. You get a wonderful location for cheap. Boom. Bargain. Then you arrive there to nothing but great service. The poorer reviews of this place actually annoyed me. Those people must just be habitual complainers. My girlfriend and I wanted tickets to Blue Man Group. We asked the front desk for tickets a few hours before the show and we get PERFECT seats dead center near the front of the stage. The next night, we were thinking early dinner before we caught a show. We wanted to go somewhere romantic, they recommend the Signature Room (great call). With nearly no notice they got us reservations. This place allowed my girlfriend and I to have an amazing vacation. We will stay there next time we go to Chicago, and the next time and so on...
This venue was amazing, even if it was primarily the King's Garden. For $39.99 you get good service and great views. Otherwise, the rooms are very small and dirty. The hotel itself costs $39, and other reservations are $28. The staff is very friendly, and the bar and lobby is friendly. The room is in a very nice historic building with plenty of views over the river. The rooms are comfortable, and also clean. Perfect location for a quick Friday night standup and event.
Beautiful rooms that are gorgeous (they didn't have that because I had to walk to the front desk and pay for it), if that's even a possibility.
My fiance, girlfriend and I traveled to Chicago last weekend for the staff night and it was a good experience. The location is gorgeous and it's easy to find hotel rooms. The waitstaff was very friendly and knowledgeable. We asked that they stay overnight for us, but they wouldn't offer a refund. When we checked in, the manager asked if I'd send my partner an email so we could use their web site. When we checked out, I received a birthday card (maybe my fiance doesn't remember her birthday...). No matter how many times we try to send them their gifts, they call and say NO. When we asked about a refund, the manager gave us a maximum of $50, telling us they were breaking the law by using our website. I expected someone who wasn't paid
Absolutely fantastic. People that didn't like this place need to take in to account a few things: the price, the location, the service, they fact that it is environmentally friendly. I rate each of those five stars. You get a wonderful location for cheap. Boom. Bargain. Then you arrive there to nothing but great service. The poorer reviews of this place actually annoyed me. Those people must just be habitual complainers. My girlfriend and I wanted tickets to Blue Man Group. We asked the front desk for tickets a few hours before the show and we get PERFECT seats dead center near the front of the stage. The next night, we were thinking early dinner before we caught a show. We wanted to go somewhere romantic, they recommend the Signature Room (great call). With nearly no notice they got us reservations. This place allowed my girlfriend and I to have an amazing vacation. We will stay there next time we go to Chicago, and the next time and so on...
great hotel  I loved the Seattle skyline, and was skeptical of the choices downtown....when I actually went here (I read a lot about downtown!) it was pretty cool.  The rooms are beautiful and all the valet spaces are great too!  I suggest you book early if you're into that kind of thing.
Absolutely fantastic. People that didn't like this place need to take in to account a few things: the price, the location, the service, they fact that it is environmentally friendly. I rate each of those five stars. You get a wonderful location for cheap. Boom. Bargain. Then you arrive there to nothing but great service. The poorer reviews of this place actually annoyed me. Those people must just be habitual complainers. My girlfriend and I wanted tickets to Blue Man Group. We asked the front desk for tickets a few hours before the show and we get PERFECT seats dead center near the front of the stage. The next night, we were thinking early dinner before we caught a show. We wanted to go somewhere romantic, they recommend the Signature Room (great call). With nearly no notice they got us reservations. This place allowed my girlfriend and I to have an amazing vacation. We will stay there next time we go to Chicago, and the next time and so on... Please stay!! We don't know where to start to make a positive impression on Chicago's reputation, but the fact that this place can accommodate us a room and not let them get away with it means a lot to them.
Absolutely fantastic. People that didn't like this place need to take in to account a few things: the price, the location, the service, they fact that it is environmentally friendly. I rate each of those five stars. You get a wonderful location for cheap. Boom. Bargain. Then you arrive there to nothing but great service. The poorer reviews of this place actually annoyed me. Those people must just be habitual complainers. My girlfriend and I wanted tickets to Blue Man Group. We asked the front desk for tickets a few hours before the show and we get PERFECT seats dead center near the front of the stage. The next night, we were thinking early dinner before we caught a show. We wanted to go somewhere romantic, they recommend the Signature Room (great call). With nearly no notice they got us reservations. This place allowed my girlfriend and I to have an amazing vacation. We will stay there next time we go to Chicago, and the next time and so on...we will make it to Chicago.
Room was cool and was booked that way. Only thing that needs fixing are the upgrade to an apartment balcony and thermostat.. So much for the "us of Chicago".
I always try and stay here whenever there is something special I have missed in Chicago. Great Room. On the plus side, the elevator is great, and the bed is comfortable. I don't need to go down to the hospital many times every day.
Excellent location and certainly better amenities. The rooms are reasonably priced and easy to find. The Service Room (free, attractive, etc.) is pretty standard in Chicago: extremely convenient, top shelf in department stores. The staff member assigned to the problem area is well-choreographed, e-mailed everything I needed, and recently made a quick switch from Starbucks to a nearby Starbucks and prepared the other desk for the "big change". If you're feeling particularly cheery, the roasting room is nice, but we were able to use the
Love this place!! I came here for the Starbucks breakfast because I like to make sure my guests are awake throughout the day!  I was impressed with the quality of the service they provided in the morning which is important to keep in mind when reviewing service request.  Also, I had never heard of what was provided in the Chicago Market in the "Bar Room", thus, we had no need to travel there.  How sad!  Our "gentleman's welcome" gave us a free coffee only and, as a reward, a complimentary chocolate bar.  Thank goodness for the classic service!
The Congress Hotel is more than adequate. My wife and I stayed here for 3 weeks, and whilst no one will confuse it with their actual home, we found it to be comfortable. We did not suffer the plumbing problems other people have mentioned. The mattresses do need updating.The bar downstairs is a great place to have a drink. Mike, the bar tender, is friendly and always has an interesting story or two. My wife really enjoys chatting with him, as do I. The whole hospitality staff is friendly and we make a point of stopping in to say hello when I am in town.The strikers are obnoxious, even moreso when one finds out they are actually paid to be there, and most of them have never been employees of the Congress at all. Their  "outrage" is well compensated.The Congress is an old hotel, full of charm and ghosts. If you want sleek and new, head to the 'W'. If you want to experience of bit of Chicago history, the Congress will fit the bill nicely.For us, it was a total steal, not worth the $50 per night that the hotel charge. That is why I recommend staying here - you are happy with the party atmosphere. The Congress was a pleasant surprise, even if the prices were a bit steep, which is important, because the stay has to be worth the money if you want to really enjoy a stay in the 'W'. You are here for Chicago history, not Chicago.<|endoftext|>
The Congress Hotel is more than adequate. My wife and I stayed here for 3 weeks, and whilst no one will confuse it with their actual home, we found it to be comfortable. We did not suffer the plumbing problems other people have mentioned. The mattresses do need updating.The bar downstairs is a great place to have a drink. Mike, the bar tender, is friendly and always has an interesting story or two. My wife really enjoys chatting with him, as do I. The whole hospitality staff is friendly and we make a point of stopping in to say hello when I am in town.The strikers are obnoxious, even moreso when one finds out they are actually paid to be there, and most of them have never been employees of the Congress at all. Their  "outrage" is well compensated.The Congress is an old hotel, full of charm and ghosts. If you want sleek and new, head to the 'W'. If you want to experience of bit of Chicago history, the Congress will fit the bill nicely.  The rooms are spacious. We stayed at the 28th floor - the elevator is in an old building and the windows are old fashioned. The elevators are simple but I didn't mind them. The concierge and bartender were extremely polite and helpful. We tried some of the food we had at the restaurant but it was meager. The average night's cost me $20.00 and that can't be beat. The bathrooms are clean and modern, the valet is outfitted with a perch, a multi-purpose shower, a king size bed and pillow, mini bed, a "smurf sandwich" and so much more. With all this construction, these Chicago restaurants were worth it.  Our stay was an exceptional experience - if you are looking for great hotels in Chicago, never miss th
I just came back from my 2 year visit to the Marriott Chicago and I can say that I was impressed by the design of the rooms.  The rooms are well-lit, extremely modern and very appropriate for the location of the hotel.  The sound levels are excellent and rooms seem to be able to switch between rooms at will, from loud to quiet, in easy seconds.  My wife also enjoyed her stay at the Chicago White House!  She rated the room $45/night and the staff was extremely helpful with her needs.  Great value to the hotel!
Oxygen Room The Good:        My husband and I stayed in a very upscale hotel in the heart of Chicago, Chicago Music Festival. Our hotel was 3 stories high and lacked a second story (3 bathrooms), and had the tiniest share of TVs in the room. My wife, b/c of travel, loved everything about the place and had dinner here together for 2 days, four nights.  My favorite part was the historic pool which, when we turned on the tv, pulled away from us.  We were also very pleased with the staff.  They booked our room in an older hotel which had no elevators, but good views and was a block away from city beaches (the W Hotel is part of downtown).  There was a rooftop parking garage, a lakeside spa and free showers.  My husband and I stayed in an absolutely historic hotel this past weekend for "Best of Chicago" and looked forward to returning again next year.  We wish we could have stayed here but the hotel provides excellent rooms and it is a one-stop hotel to any number of activities.
I had the perfect room. The walls are well laid out, the furnishings are classic Chicago type, and the food and drink was always in season (I have been looking for the one-of-a-kind Dirty Light House Doubletree beer bottle). The lobby was designed to be a perfect-sized hangout for other special events (food carts were held on the steps). As a customer, we had to ask the customers not to come outside the room if they wanted to book this room because the rooms were dirty, but then all of a sudden we felt like we just had to get on the elevator (whereupon our driver chose the 3rd floor).  The other 9 people who complained to the front desk were obviously not helpful, while the voice over service was unhelpful.  This is exactly what I was expecting: an overpriced hotel filled with  ugly old hotels with totally weird and
I booked the corner king room on http://hotels.com The description was really nice and sounded much better than the 2 that were less expensive. all to find  the room was very small and did not have a balcony as stated in room description. the staff was less than helpful from the front desk to the valet, taking 20 minutes to get the car on a Monday night..? I really would not recommend this hotel. It is not a great place to stay unless you are looking for the resort experience or as a bridesmaid/maid.Don't expect all this comfort in a Midway Hotels right off the bat. For a per person price difference, a great deal, a great location, and, oh yeah, plenty of other hotel with great hotel options.I like to stay there. Otherwise, stay at anyone else's old hotel or motel (or any other name for that matter). If you don't love being at the local community, stay at all the con-tratic hotels downtown.For whatever reason, people staying there have some "intercontinental" attitude. This is because of their lack of choice, etc.Unfortunately, people getting into con-trol use these hotels in the past. It has become part of the history that is unfortunate. It is now time to change that. Every hotel I checked on tried different locations, and as a result of course, it is hard to stay at what looks like the downtown historic buildings. How to spend $165,000 for a hotel at 8th floor? There are many and certainly will be problems. Do not return to this hotel unless you are looking for that 3 star experience.The greatest compliment I can give you is your price. For the money, if you have any room you would rather spend it at a restaurant or a fashion st
One of the best vacation rooms I have ever stayed at in Chicago. The beds are pretty good. Two really nice people are that goes by the name of The Hardthorne as well.  I was worried when I checked into the room I was in that the wi-fi was off-limits, but because I am a little girl I understand it.  My wife and I ended up staying up early next morning.  After leaving, the room was so hot I was eager to stay there again.  I figured I'd stay there again. It turned out the room was over-heated, so I figured it was a pretty good excuse to stay in the living room for one night. Oh well.  I suppose it's time to kick some ass and take my ever-reliable holiday getting accustomed to the air conditioning.
I stayed here for a very nice wine tasting here today and it's absolutely spectacular. The service and its decor...to the point of thought is stunning. I have only stayed here on vacation, but I will definitely stay here again.
After three stops in Chicago, I loved staying here - after a long weekend I finally came upon another option - after quite a walk through a few shopping districts.  The Art Institute of Chicago Park - a small boutique - is open 90 minutes to 5am.  This is a very nice feature but it did cause some inconvenience to parking.  I'll admit it was pleasant, but the change in time will definitely make your visit feel much less like going out to the backwoods.  The pool is a nice addition and is still not very large, but, hey, room can get quite busy at 10am.  I've been there many times before and I never seem to find any issues, but I would consider a stop here.
If I could give up the weekend off, the Chicago Cubs are the place! i slept right in this hotel, the nights we stayed here were quite well and, for any area in Chicago, it was safe to say, enjoy it. nothing special there.
I honestly would have expected more from the Hilton Family of hotels. Again the living areas in the Embassy Suites seem to be lacking in updated furniture, but again the bedroom was emmaculate. The managers reception was a little overcrowded, as was the breakfast in the morning. All together a well maintained hotel with a great location and spectacular views from one side of the building. A great place to go if you're looking to stay a weekend in downtown, not pay incredible Chicago hotel prices, and still have a semi-upscale hotel stay. You could not ask for more! --Dave
I honestly would have expected more from the Hilton Family of hotels. Again the living areas in the Embassy Suites seem to be lacking in updated furniture, but again the bedroom was emmaculate. The managers reception was a little overcrowded, as was the breakfast in the morning. All together a well maintained hotel with a great location and spectacular views from one side of the building. A great place to go if you're looking to stay a weekend in downtown, not pay incredible Chicago hotel prices, and still have a semi-upscale hotel stay.  Maybe check out the Mansion House.
Beautiful rooftop place. Great location, extremely renovated rooms. Room (very) small and not good. It looks like it was built with the purpose. Wifi turned off for anyone staying at that location. Walk on 3rd street is within walking distance and next to an outdoor market (tree)...truly a walk in the park. The suite which I loved was fabulously renovated with beautiful plans. I chose the Heph,which is what makes the hotel so unique. Pros should not consider the Hotel. Don't check in or not stay here unless you have a very important appointment that has to be taken for your next vacation.  At night out, you are a nightmare. I highly recommend and always will stay in hotels where guests have great lives and great places to go.
Very cool. Surprising bed bugs, big, big that wriggled after you had your night with a coworker/husband. (the maid is worth checking in for). Didn't feel like checking into hotels in the first place. Great service, really close to where you stay. It was very cool seeing the international faces at the O'Reilly Theater.
I honestly would have expected more from the Hilton Family of hotels. Again the living areas in the Embassy Suites seem to be lacking in updated furniture, but again the bedroom was emmaculate. The managers reception was a little overcrowded, as was the breakfast in the morning. All together a well maintained hotel with a great location and spectacular views from one side of the building. A great place to go if you're looking to stay a weekend in downtown, not pay incredible Chicago hotel prices, and still have a semi-upscale hotel stay.
The American WAY is when we book somewhere to avoid the 10+ rooms that can be expensive but that are in need of renovation. I call it a comfortable vacation in a place that is affordable and somewhere that is convenient for families. But what if you wanted to do all your work on-site? You're going to go elsewhere. Too much room and you will have to rearrange everything. Another reason to stay here: the rest rooms have outdated management systems. However, this is a nice deal considering this is a family hotel and not a boutique hotel. However, the rooms are not beautiful and in need of an overhaul.  I recommend you try this instead of the other hotels in this location.
I honestly would have expected more from the Hilton Family of hotels. Again the living areas in the Embassy Suites seem to be lacking in updated furniture, but again the bedroom was emmaculate. The managers reception was a little overcrowded, as was the breakfast in the morning. All together a well maintained hotel with a great location and spectacular views from one side of the building. A great place to go if you're looking to stay a weekend in downtown, not pay incredible Chicago hotel prices, and still have a semi-upscale hotel stay.
I stayed here b/c my friend was getting married nearby and was nice enough to keep us close to the activities...at first, I wasn't sure if I should just commute to the wedding but after checking in, I'm sure glad I decided to stay here! The rooms were large, clean, and had the coziest beds! I wanted to forget about the wedding and take a nap! And the hospitality was superb! Would I come back!
I stayed here b/c my friend was getting married nearby and was nice enough to keep us close to the activities...at first, I wasn't sure if I should just commute to the wedding but after checking in, I'm sure glad I decided to stay here! The rooms were large, clean, and had the coziest beds! I wanted to forget about the wedding and take a nap! And the hospitality was superb! :-) And thanks to our own Veronica, we were able to catch some of our favorite bands in the city. Thanks to our group of awesome friends, I will never go back!
I was told this hotel was about 6 years old, but this place is awesome. I always stay at this hotel, and have stayed in this place a couple times since its arrival. The hotel is located in Chicago, a good 50 minutes away from the airport, and the outdoor pool is very inviting and quite popular. My only issue was that it's not within walking distance of many Chicago attractions, many with large public transit stops.  I plan on staying here again, and hope to be able to catch an early flight.
I stayed here b/c my friend was getting married nearby and was nice enough to keep us close to the activities...at first, I wasn't sure if I should just commute to the wedding but after checking in, I'm sure glad I decided to stay here! The rooms were large, clean, and had the coziest beds! I wanted to forget about the wedding and take a nap! And the hospitality was superb! A dine in was provided by another hotel that did not seem to understand the spa-lounge plan. We would definitely stay there again! The room in the guesthouse was very convenient and accommodating. However, as we walked in the door and saw this van that was driving us, I realized I had forgotten about a lot of my appointments as I was not planning on needing a suite at that time!  I called a maintenance guy and asked him to return my reservation on Monday afternoon to make sure I got back the hotel they ordered it from. A week later, I am still waiting for a time-out. If I wanted to get a refund or hotel credit, I would have been staying at the vat of the wah with my bf (who lives next door).  Right next to the spa location, I heard some noise. The front door opened.  There was a red lock in the hallway.  I called the front desk (who treated me well). I went out to pick up the suitcase and my valuables while checking in, so there was no need to panic. I was taken aback to discover a sign and that it was at a convenience store nearby. In fact, we were not supposed to bring our valuables but were rather pleased to have some passes out as we entered the room. At first, I asked what the sign was meant to do, and the front desk kindly informed me that I was supposed t
I stayed here b/c my friend was getting married nearby and was nice enough to keep us close to the activities...at first, I wasn't sure if I should just commute to the wedding but after checking in, I'm sure glad I decided to stay here! The rooms were large, clean, and had the coziest beds! I wanted to forget about the wedding and take a nap! And the hospitality was superb! Our 9 year old sister, daughter and I had the perfect experience.
I have a friend from Chicago staying at The Public and she likes everything there. I was impressed with their service and decor. The bathrooms are gorgeous with a dimple bathroom. The car keys are tucked away. The staff drinks is nice but the food was good. Food is delicious, the beverages clean and well prepared. The food is fresh and trendy. The service is quick and friendly.
This is the nicest hotel I have stayed at ever.  There's a great view from the rooftop to the swimming pool, you even hear the beautiful bass running through the crowd (which you probably don't believe when you see it).   Wifi and just great service.  The wireless is nice too, but if you're traveling at night, they have cable hardwired service for you to have access on the second floor. Great prices, great location, nice rates.  Great location!
Nice place for a '60s downtown girlfriend I've stayed at...we had a party at the Michigan Avenue Hotel back in the 90's...and while the room wasn't perfect, the staff provided a very efficient stay.  This is where this stay will be made easy.  This is a 5 star rating because the room itself looked pretty decent (it had a place to sleep, and it's either a closet or something quite cool like a valet area that turned into another garage).  After a number of complaints that our wedding was getting so loud and beat up, we simply returned for a quick pillows fix.I went to the Hyatt Regency Hotel earlier in the year and could not get the room service staff to return the room to us, no matter what I said.  The room was ok.
I stayed in this hotel last night, and felt compelled to write a review. I was at the hotel on business for one night. Upon arriving I was struck by the nostalgic feel. I said to myself "this place must have some great history", and went to the Internet. First thing that came up was that it was haunted. Great. I'm not into that kind of stuff and have no desire to experience it, so quickly became less enthused with the prospect of staying there. It was already 10:30 PM though so I didn't have a lot of choice. First, the hotel itself: I was greeted warmly by the check-in staff, and enjoyed chatting with her. I was put on the 10th floor of the south tower. I had no problems with the elevators whatsoever. The corridors looked vintage; it was like a flashback in time. Kinda cool. Ditto for when I entered the room. It had a classic look to it: crown molding that had been over painted through the years, older wallpaper but which had the hotel's logo, a pedestal sink in the bath. Certainly nothing fancy but at the same time everything you need. Ample work space, a flat screen tv mounted on the wall, and the bed was a little hard but nothing bad. My view of the lake was spectacular. The only problem I had was the noise from the street. It was a Monday night but there seemed to be a lot of vehicle activity. Busses, trucks, loud motorcycles, cars with their radio jamming, the L-train. I heard it all until around 2:00AM or so, which surprised me a bit since I was on the 10th floor. So did I see any paranormal activity? Nothing I saw, but two times just as I was drifting off to sleep I hear the faucet in the bathroom start for 5 seconds or so a
I stayed in this hotel last night, and felt compelled to write a review. I was at the hotel on business for one night. Upon arriving I was struck by the nostalgic feel. I said to myself "this place must have some great history", and went to the Internet. First thing that came up was that it was haunted. Great. I'm not into that kind of stuff and have no desire to experience it, so quickly became less enthused with the prospect of staying there. It was already 10:30 PM though so I didn't have a lot of choice. First, the hotel itself: I was greeted warmly by the check-in staff, and enjoyed chatting with her. I was put on the 10th floor of the south tower. I had no problems with the elevators whatsoever. The corridors looked vintage; it was like a flashback in time. Kinda cool. Ditto for when I entered the room. It had a classic look to it: crown molding that had been over painted through the years, older wallpaper but which had the hotel's logo, a pedestal sink in the bath. Certainly nothing fancy but at the same time everything you need. Ample work space, a flat screen tv mounted on the wall, and the bed was a little hard but nothing bad. My view of the lake was spectacular. The only problem I had was the noise from the street. It was a Monday night but there seemed to be a lot of vehicle activity. Busses, trucks, loud motorcycles, cars with their radio jamming, the L-train. I heard it all until around 2:00AM or so, which surprised me a bit since I was on the 10th floor. So did I see any paranormal activity? Nothing I saw, but two times just as I was drifting off to sleep I hear the faucet in the bathroom start for 5 seconds or so a
I stayed in this hotel last night, and felt compelled to write a review. I was at the hotel on business for one night. Upon arriving I was struck by the nostalgic feel. I said to myself "this place must have some great history", and went to the Internet. First thing that came up was that it was haunted. Great. I'm not into that kind of stuff and have no desire to experience it, so quickly became less enthused with the prospect of staying there. It was already 10:30 PM though so I didn't have a lot of choice. First, the hotel itself: I was greeted warmly by the check-in staff, and enjoyed chatting with her. I was put on the 10th floor of the south tower. I had no problems with the elevators whatsoever. The corridors looked vintage; it was like a flashback in time. Kinda cool. Ditto for when I entered the room. It had a classic look to it: crown molding that had been over painted through the years, older wallpaper but which had the hotel's logo, a pedestal sink in the bath. Certainly nothing fancy but at the same time everything you need. Ample work space, a flat screen tv mounted on the wall, and the bed was a little hard but nothing bad. My view of the lake was spectacular. The only problem I had was the noise from the street. It was a Monday night but there seemed to be a lot of vehicle activity. Busses, trucks, loud motorcycles, cars with their radio jamming, the L-train. I heard it all until around 2:00AM or so, which surprised me a bit since I was on the 10th floor. So did I see any paranormal activity? Nothing I saw, but two times just as I was drifting off to sleep I hear the faucet in the bathroom start for 5 seconds or so a
I stayed in this hotel last night, and felt compelled to write a review. I was at the hotel on business for one night. Upon arriving I was struck by the nostalgic feel. I said to myself "this place must have some great history", and went to the Internet. First thing that came up was that it was haunted. Great. I'm not into that kind of stuff and have no desire to experience it, so quickly became less enthused with the prospect of staying there. It was already 10:30 PM though so I didn't have a lot of choice. First, the hotel itself: I was greeted warmly by the check-in staff, and enjoyed chatting with her. I was put on the 10th floor of the south tower. I had no problems with the elevators whatsoever. The corridors looked vintage; it was like a flashback in time. Kinda cool. Ditto for when I entered the room. It had a classic look to it: crown molding that had been over painted through the years, older wallpaper but which had the hotel's logo, a pedestal sink in the bath. Certainly nothing fancy but at the same time everything you need. Ample work space, a flat screen tv mounted on the wall, and the bed was a little hard but nothing bad. My view of the lake was spectacular. The only problem I had was the noise from the street. It was a Monday night but there seemed to be a lot of vehicle activity. Busses, trucks, loud motorcycles, cars with their radio jamming, the L-train. I heard it all until around 2:00AM or so, which surprised me a bit since I was on the 10th floor. So did I see any paranormal activity? Nothing I saw, but two times just as I was drifting off to sleep I hear the faucet in the bathroom start for 5 seconds or so a
While the Seneca Hotel could not be better located in downtown Chicago it was a truly great experience.  Unlike others who have written reviews, I found the staff to all be very friendly, professional and eager to help in any way possible.  None of the negative concerns expressed by other reviews did I find to be our experience. Flat panel TVs, WiFi, spa tub, all upgrades from the big chains costing at least twice as much. Our room was clean, neat, well appointed, quiet and very spacious.  The bed was as comfortable as any hotel I've visited outside of Hong Kong.  Having access and/or the use of a refrig/micro/sink made our stay seem much more relaxing then a standard non-appointed room where running to the ice machine is the norm.  Based on our last stay, this is our new hotel of choice when visiting Chicago.  My only hesistation in not writing this review earlier is that I wanted to keep this new found "best value for the money" find a secret.  Give it a try, and if you find something you want changed, just ask, and I'm sure that the accomodating staff will do their best to resolve your concern.
I used to be a VIP for the James Madison Hotel in Chicago for many years. I loved the service and hospitality, but a decade ago, I wanted to re-enter the hotel experience again. The hotels rooms are so small, the lobby sucks, and their water heaters and workstations had been very dreary and don't warm up. I tried to call out how old I am (29) because one of the younger men would call in at a half hour's notice and refuse to accept my card. My guess is that he actually called the manager and asked for my free travel money before having to check it in at the checkout desk because he thinks that he is being audacious in the act of refusing to pay me. Later on, as he went on a much larger trip to Chicago, I got a call at the hotel complaining that the event room did not fit the bill, but the account he placed is working. As a result of this, I canceled the stay.
While the Seneca Hotel could not be better located in downtown Chicago it was a truly great experience.  Unlike others who have written reviews, I found the staff to all be very friendly, professional and eager to help in any way possible.  None of the negative concerns expressed by other reviews did I find to be our experience. Flat panel TVs, WiFi, spa tub, all upgrades from the big chains costing at least twice as much. Our room was clean, neat, well appointed, quiet and very spacious.  The bed was as comfortable as any hotel I've visited outside of Hong Kong.  Having access and/or the use of a refrig/micro/sink made our stay seem much more relaxing then a standard non-appointed room where running to the ice machine is the norm.  Based on our last stay, this is our new hotel of choice when visiting Chicago.  My only hesistation in not writing this review earlier is that I wanted to keep this new found "best value for the money" find a secret.  Give it a try, and if you find something you want changed, just ask, and I'm sure that the accomodating staff will do their best to resolve your concern.
Great Hotel, great people, great decor and location! 2 stars 2.5 stars A few things that I wanted to add... excellent parking rate; internet is fixed (all night long), convenient manager has been on vacation during the month so you'll have another workaholic to call on his or her behalf. Good vibe & awesome views of the U.S. (right on the lake), Bad Door No of really roomy floor to the elevators but nice to have a second view of the lakeside. Great price  3 stars 5 stars - Don't forget to mention that many of the remodels and more expensive flooring added by my front door, sign on, etc. I never expected anything like that. A little pricey, and was disappointed in the food choices. I will definitely be returning to the luxury hotel. 6 stars 5 stars - A really nice atmosphere in the lobby is nice, but nothing will make you feel like you're in a hospital bed. You can feel the need to walk right up the hallway to the sink to get some fresh air, which is a bad concept considering the office doesn't have beds. Don't expect to feel that way either, and would definitely never stay here again. 7 stars 4
While the Seneca Hotel could not be better located in downtown Chicago it was a truly great experience.  Unlike others who have written reviews, I found the staff to all be very friendly, professional and eager to help in any way possible.  None of the negative concerns expressed by other reviews did I find to be our experience. Flat panel TVs, WiFi, spa tub, all upgrades from the big chains costing at least twice as much. Our room was clean, neat, well appointed, quiet and very spacious.  The bed was as comfortable as any hotel I've visited outside of Hong Kong.  Having access and/or the use of a refrig/micro/sink made our stay seem much more relaxing then a standard non-appointed room where running to the ice machine is the norm.  Based on our last stay, this is our new hotel of choice when visiting Chicago.  My only hesistation in not writing this review earlier is that I wanted to keep this new found "best value for the money" find a secret.  Give it a try, and if you find something you want changed, just ask, and I'm sure that the accomodating staff will do their best to resolve your concern.
While the Seneca Hotel could not be better located in downtown Chicago it was a truly great experience.  Unlike others who have written reviews, I found the staff to all be very friendly, professional and eager to help in any way possible.  None of the negative concerns expressed by other reviews did I find to be our experience. Flat panel TVs, WiFi, spa tub, all upgrades from the big chains costing at least twice as much. Our room was clean, neat, well appointed, quiet and very spacious.  The bed was as comfortable as any hotel I've visited outside of Hong Kong.  Having access and/or the use of a refrig/micro/sink made our stay seem much more relaxing then a standard non-appointed room where running to the ice machine is the norm.  Based on our last stay, this is our new hotel of choice when visiting Chicago.  My only hesistation in not writing this review earlier is that I wanted to keep this new found "best value for the money" find a secret.  Give it a try, and if you find something you want changed, just ask, and I'm sure that the accomodating staff will do their best to resolve your concern.
I decided to stay in Chicago when I was traveling to Chicago for my 45th birthday.  The staff is sweet and helpful and I think the rooms were outstanding.  They are over priced, but it was a great decision.  I did not expect to get high marks for what I earned, but I appreciate the service provided.
Nice hotel with small rooms.  Also, despite having booked a luxury room, they had none available at checkin.  I was moved to a slightly larger room when they could not fit a pack-n-play in the room I'd been assigned.  My biggest concern, however, is the security (or lack thereof).  Between the lobby and my room, someone managed to steal my cell phone and wallet, taking all of my money.   The thief discarded my wallet with credit cards in tact (they had rifled through the cards, but didn't take any), by leaving it in a cushion on an elevator.  While the staff was generally empathetic, I would have liked to have dealt with some onsite security personnel who could have investigated the incident and perhaps reviewed cam footage to identify the thief roaming their hotel.  The Sky Tower, for example, is the only hotel I'd booked with higher tier hotels with guest insurance.  To top that, $1 per hour an overnight stay for $140 on the Concorde is $13 per night.  Yet I'm not sure I'd expect such an adequate security deposit to be placed upon arriving at Sky Tower.   I'd rather spend my money at a luxury hotel and wait it out.  The inflatable pool appears to be more of a luxury destination than a positive addition to the Millennium Hotel.
Nice hotel with small rooms.  Also, despite having booked a luxury room, they had none available at checkin.  I was moved to a slightly larger room when they could not fit a pack-n-play in the room I'd been assigned.  My biggest concern, however, is the security (or lack thereof).  Between the lobby and my room, someone managed to steal my cell phone and wallet, taking all of my money.   The thief discarded my wallet with credit cards in tact (they had rifled through the cards, but didn't take any), by leaving it in a cushion on an elevator.  While the staff was generally empathetic, I would have liked to have dealt with some onsite security personnel who could have investigated the incident and perhaps reviewed cam footage to identify the thief roaming their hotel.  I guess the nice thing about the Madison Hotel, despite the two mile distance between the downtown transit stations, is that the Internet is only available outside of Chicago.  However, the hotel does have a pool for summer water, and when I was ready to stay for the weekend, it offered me a free shower with a glass of hot water.  There are private showers in hotel's facility.  In my experience, there have been no problems.  Also, due to the hotel's access road, I have no idea what the internet is like outside my vehicle.  The concierge was so helpful, I felt like I was in the middle of writing an essay about a big city that has an epidemic of parking garages.  The only other hotel in that big city has rooftop charging stations so people don't have to pay for parking.
One of the best hotel I've stayed here in years. Excellent "town style" and staying here is a must. We stayed in an awesome hotel in the heart of downtown Chicago.
$11 per night, if you want an accurate and affordable price go to Vegas! I don't need a credit card but the day I spent in Las Vegas they put me through $45 bucks a day on everything. That's almost double what I needed. Now, the noise of the hotel is nothing like you would expect from a hotel. On average I think I have to leave about 90-ish mins per night at night to get my drinks to my room. With the regular rooms we have right out & center seating most guests enjoy, which is a problem for me, but the fact that I wake up in the middle of the night and take almost no work is a complete solution.  I was tired with the noise (considering we sleep like a king cob). What a tiny waste of space and energy.
What a place!  Located on the 40th floor, their downstairs suite was elegant, spacious and safe.  Their rooms are small enough to fit 2 people in - which is what we enjoyed at our last visit!  We wouldn't stay there again.
This is my first time looking at the Hyatt Regency Chicago and I absolutely loved the surroundings. The staff were wonderful. They spoke to me really well and made me feel comfortable while I was out of town. The space I was using for the staying was very large and the general layout of the rooms was perfect. I am using the bathtub at the top of the bed as a private bedroom and the lobby and lobby rooms as the living rooms and the bathroom in the living room as the kitchen. From there, the room was easily filled with coffee. I also got into touch with the Best Pick-Up service provided by LITTLE PICK up in Chicago.  I'm going to leave the Best Pick Up service a second time and will definitely be returning again.
Great price, great location, good location in downtown Chicago.  They do a great job putting up everything in a convenient location.  The hotel is quite spacious and if you are staying in the Chicago area then definitely stay here!  Stay at the Doubletree hotel for some creative, yet relaxing accommodations.
My husband and I stayed at the Oak Mansion Hotel in Oak Park, Michigan. The lobby is so classy, it feels small. It's kind of like the window of an old warehouse. We'd have eaten there a few times at least, but wasn't hungry until we walked by the Amusement Park hotel. Just outside the lobby there were tifosi, Elk Village, an old jewel shop, and a city landmark. All of that is really missing from the whole hotel experience, that is, its laid-back feel. We made the reservation on Saturday morning and got word of it from the front desk when we arrived at 7:00pm. Within minutes, we were taken to the 1st Floor which was a hotel with star-filled ceilings and a fresh pool. As far as we can tell, hotel staff did an excellent job. But that's all on them. They didn't care about how great the room was or the decor. All in all, it was wonderful to come to the Hotel Chicago for a family trip. I did spend some time there recently with my husband, Mary and her husband Todd. It was an experience I want to repeat. As mentioned, the W even has your mail at my desk. Good thing? On Monday, after 9pm (the morning of our vacation), I was to stay at the River Oaks (10 and 36th floors). Not only that but it was exceptionally warm in the middle of the day. Great place for a family vacation to get out to somewhere. But, I can't recommend this hotel enough.
My only real gripe is that there are no bed beds and furniture available in the hotel. My travel/residence expenses are $3-4k a night. There's definitely room for improvement however the layout of the bathroom is fine but, if that's the case, I don't expect the hot tub to fit. Parking is a little bit expensive in the alley which, to my knowledge, isn't very pleasant.
The Hyatt Regency in Chicago is a really nice hotel.  It has an upscale feel and is so close to downtown that you can just leave on foot to get to the magnificent mile.  It is very professional and has a great feel to it.  And if you're coming here for a wedding, the crowd is very friendly.  They have a lovely garage across the street from the Hyatt Regency, and there is an even nicer layout.  They have a great view over a beautiful lake. There are also an excellent brunch place, which you can enjoy at your friends' place!
A nice weekend stop on Chicago. Not worth the rush and easy access. Great location. In the suburbs, everyone is so popular. Awesome spot for a romantic weekend meal! Excellent accommodation on city views and by that point...nice and quiet. Got the Hilton for less than $40.00  The hotel is run and operated at a beautiful rate, but it runs smoothly at affordable rates.  This room was wonderful and we decided to stay here as a customer.  It is nice and quiet and everything makes a perfect escape to the Hilton for two or three hours or more (unless you need to watch some commercial cable tv).  The breakfast was delicious and served us very well.  This was my first hotel experience so I was very impressed by the service.  It is also convenient as there is a room at the corner of the street from a Starbucks.  Parking in the area is good and there is an excellent bike path going west from South Van.We got great accomodations.  The valet covers the floor with linen and a dress-up is even better.  Our buddy Mike went on a honeymoon in Chicago from Wrigley's and the hotel has wonderful views of Lake Michigan.  So, we expect a wedding reception the following weekend.
The Hyatt Regency in Chicago is a really nice hotel.  It has an upscale feel and is so close to downtown that you can just leave on foot to get to the magnificent mile.  It is very professional and has a great feel to it.  We stayed at John Hancock for a restaurant on the bank of the river in the mid 90s.  Although we tried to avoid staying here, we were very impressed with the decor and the room to himself.  I didn't stay here because it was pretty bad, but since it was more than a 5 star, I'll stay there again.
I actually liked this place. I loved the indoor pool, karaoke club, and bar... that was the only downside. I liked the view though.  But the girls there ARE busy doing that each night, it's not something you get to enjoy.
My favorite Hotel in Chicago!!! From the selection of wines in the wine rooms, to the fact that the gym is just across the street, to the recent addition of Indiana Jones Holiday Inn with beds...this hotel is a true Chicago destination and I can't say enough good things about it! Its also a Great Point of view!!! Parking  stops on the corner or within walking distance of any of the hotels you know. The club itself is just perfect! Staff is SUPER friendly, if you are on a budget it's worth a try because of that. Friendly staff and friendly neighbors make this a perfect spot for kids. I stayed at Sam's House in Indianapolis as a Guest on an 18 month stay and just 2 nights later, they had to call me to put up an extra $20 for my stay which resulted in $99 parking so that's a total of $2 for a 20 day stay. I would definitely back this location again.  Will definitely be returning.
I stayed at the 3 star Downtown Chicago boutique for my wedding in July. The room was beautiful and the lobby was chic. The room was quiet and clean and clean. The cake maker was friendly, helpful,
Not very impressed...The rooms are extremely tiny and poorly designed. Couldn't open the closet all the way because the TV stand was in the way. The bathroom was super small and did not have a built in fan. The entire place had a upscale/elegant look to it (which I understand due to its age), but with closer inspection the construction was poor. The trim and paint was chipping and uneven, the carpeting and wallpaper was old and needed updating. The walls were very thin and you could hear EVERYTHING going on in the rooms next to you and in the hallway. The worst part of the stay was the service of the staff, which wasn't bad but I expected a lot more from this supposedly high end Chicago hotel. The staff wasn't rude or anything but seemed to have no emotions at all. A smile and hello goes a long way. A positive was the lake view my room had, facing Lake Michigan. Usually when I stay downtown the room is facing a brick wall or another window. I have no trouble taking care of a double at the hotel and the option to charge through the vending machines as well as ordering a drink directly from the vending machine are both great and convenient options. The cab wasn't as good as other 2 hotel sleeper cab models, but would still recommend this location. My name is Jean-Luc, I got here due to my wife's approval on 4/13/2006. All amenities I requested were provided and included. The room itself is gorgeous and the food is delicious, most notably beef brisket at Neowin. I will definitely stay here again.
Not very impressed...The rooms are extremely tiny and poorly designed. Couldn't open the closet all the way because the TV stand was in the way. The bathroom was super small and did not have a built in fan. The entire place had a upscale/elegant look to it (which I understand due to its age), but with closer inspection the construction was poor. The trim and paint was chipping and uneven, the carpeting and wallpaper was old and needed updating. The walls were very thin and you could hear EVERYTHING going on in the rooms next to you and in the hallway. The worst part of the stay was the service of the staff, which wasn't bad but I expected a lot more from this supposedly high end Chicago hotel. The staff wasn't rude or anything but seemed to have no emotions at all. A smile and hello goes a long way. A positive was the lake view my room had, facing Lake Michigan. Usually when I stay downtown the room is facing a brick wall or another window. I knew for a fact that I had to stay there in order to get a double room - the Michigan Ave hotel had it and the North Plaza provided the best location I could get. I saw the Art Museum in Chicago all night but could not sleep. I would definitely stay there again with the Chicago Cubs.
Great lobby, superb lobby, fantastic service, outstanding staff. I only have rooms in the lobby so I think we were through to the end of the world first-but that is a moot point here. You need to book an accomodation somewhere other than the hotel for much more than just a hotel. The lobby is in terrible shape with compartments and it looks and feels like its unwelcomed home...lots of dirty rooms to sink your grease and suds through. I think there are few corridors that you don't see and you have to rush to the door first thing in the morning. I had the bottle opener and the umbrellas on one side of the elevator but there wasn't a whole lot of room. I would pay for a train to get to Chicago, just to be sure. Would stay in the same hotel again!
Not very impressed...The rooms are extremely tiny and poorly designed. Couldn't open the closet all the way because the TV stand was in the way. The bathroom was super small and did not have a built in fan. The entire place had a upscale/elegant look to it (which I understand due to its age), but with closer inspection the construction was poor. The trim and paint was chipping and uneven, the carpeting and wallpaper was old and needed updating. The walls were very thin and you could hear EVERYTHING going on in the rooms next to you and in the hallway. The worst part of the stay was the service of the staff, which wasn't bad but I expected a lot more from this supposedly high end Chicago hotel. The staff wasn't rude or anything but seemed to have no emotions at all. A smile and hello goes a long way. A positive was the lake view my room had, facing Lake Michigan. Usually when I stay downtown the room is facing a brick wall or another window. I found the room absolutely perfect for that (at least from the outside). Our room was clean but not so clean you felt like you had been exposed to cigarette smoke. The bathroom was truly modern and really spartan. Only thing I would do to it was bring a nice brown tank top with plenty of toiletries (stays for 5) and some moisturizers (Warm and warm). The WiFi wasn't far from my room and I did not want to miss it. I'll be staying there again next time I go to Chicago!
Worth every penny.  I've stayed here four times, for price, location, room, service, decor, breakfast.  I love this hotel.
Not very impressed...The rooms are extremely tiny and poorly designed. Couldn't open the closet all the way because the TV stand was in the way. The bathroom was super small and did not have a built in fan. The entire place had a upscale/elegant look to it (which I understand due to its age), but with closer inspection the construction was poor. The trim and paint was chipping and uneven, the carpeting and wallpaper was old and needed updating. The walls were very thin and you could hear EVERYTHING going on in the rooms next to you and in the hallway. The worst part of the stay was the service of the staff, which wasn't bad but I expected a lot more from this supposedly high end Chicago hotel. The staff wasn't rude or anything but seemed to have no emotions at all. A smile and hello goes a long way. A positive was the lake view my room had, facing Lake Michigan. Usually when I stay downtown the room is facing a brick wall or another window. The view is breathtaking and beautiful.I'm going to never go back.
My wifey and I spent a Friday night at theWit Hotel and absolutely loved it. Staff was wonderful, the accommodations were beautiful and the location was great. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone, with one caveat....don't bring your laptop unless you are prepared to spend $$$ to pay for wifi. A quick read of the FAQs tells us that this is "the ONLY place wifi in downtown NYC available, less than half a mile away from the Wifi Tower." The downside of that may be that the wifi you get is almost always direct from the hotel itself. If you want to transfer to another location, you'll need an Internet connection to do so.Overall, Chicago has everything you need in your downtown to travel well and/or meet your food budget.  The parking lot at the O'Hare, or nearby Magnificent Mile Hotel, is fantastic as is the view.
If you have the $70 "where you go, you'll find" free Internet with no "aggregation" charges and free a week to explore the city, then this hotel is right up your alley. There's no cable, no internet and the room is unpretentious, the bar is far from downtown so it's a nice read but it's still not great in all aspects. You have to head to a house and go through a large open area where everything is modern. There are no TV's on the floor either. You're basically stuck with your two old TV's which are keeping up a constant stream of fine TV's playing, their tiny screens literally suck the air out of the room and the rooms are small. There is even some toilet paper that is not even flush, the flush room is far bigger than the others and is spread across the floor trying to fit as many sheets as possible in the tubs.  Not bad. However, the room, including the tv tower, obviously does not offer a good service, the lounge is too small and isn't a stand of art either, is a false-flag attempt to spread to other rooms too. The only one of its kind in the whole town is the PayWit, which clearly has no place in Chicago, if this motel was cleaned and desecrated then it would have closed right out of the gate, if not more. Also, the history teacher is absent at work and all the remaining nights are until 6 am, it's all in need of cleaning. Not very helpful from a staff perspective if you want to go into the lobby with free drinks and food, it just needs to be looked at out of the corner of your eye as guests are opening up to you.
Here's the deal. If you want a cheap hotel in Chicago you CAN find a nice one and avoid this joint. Go to Hotwire and get a room in a very nice downtown Chicago hotel for $60...only a few dollars more. That's the best rate we've seen from anywhere for a historic place.
This was a simple purchase in the spirit of privacy. In the spirit of fairness, I gave some room to a single person for exchange. Most guests I have had trouble with aren't made in the first place, though. In an effort to further their business while we sat with our roomers, I again took an early morning taxi to get some special treatment. They left more paperwork on our behalf (cashier called a friend to help), but we ended up with about $3,000. The cab was
Here's the deal. If you want a cheap hotel in Chicago you CAN find a nice one and avoid this joint. Go to Hotwire and get a room in a very nice downtown Chicago hotel for $60...only a few dollars more. The Lakewood is nice and has a decent elevator, but very expensive. The prices are too steep.This is what we were offered. Next time we should go down the elevator and have a better view of what's going on above us. We would rate this deal a 5-star. If you want to stay in a decent hotel and can afford to stay two days in Chicago I suggest exploring the surrounding suburbs (especially the neighborhood near Embassy! I made the trip here for my family so they could be in attendance there while I was away). Look for better light in the Chicago skyline - if you are planning on staying downtown in Chicago you MUST go down the street!
What a waste of money and money in two directions with your favorite Hotel! I am a Chicagoite so I asked a friend if they could save money by getting rid of the shuttle it took us on and we had a great experience. The shuttle stayed up and the club when we booked was AWFUL because the shuttle stayed so long at the cheapest rate in the area. They also offered free meds to our guests. I will definitely be back. Just the staff and complimentary drinks. I also recomend getting a refund upon checking in. Oh, and the dead tube is at the casino so bring that with you. I had three free days' stay in a great hotel so I definitely plan on staying here again.
We booked this hotel for the night in advance to get a great night's sleep.  The rooms were magnificent. Clean and modern rooms. We had a huge super group of 6, 1 thanks to the doorman and the service department.  (Yes, they drove us, but they were stern, attentive and unapologetic.)  It's almost like being on their 100th anniversary!  We tried a few of the prices - the decor,
Best establishment in Chicago the night before the Worldcon.
Parking is expensive, inconvenient and the set-up is slow. I booked a room in the north end zone for a wedding with only $20 a night. The clerk gave me the room we were in. So we walked over and began to locate. After getting up to 7:30 I said what a pain in the neck to get in the lobby. I asked how many rooms was this was. He gave me a bad guess and I told him there were no more rooms in the room. So we left. I couldn't believe what we were reading in the paper. So I left. When I got to the front desk I informed them it was a noise problem with the hot water heater on the couches. And they confirmed that I'm right back to the very worst.  The king suite was frigid and I couldn't even get our shower running properly even after getting an upgrade to the shower spigot.
Great Location with nice comfortable rooms.  It is on the Magnificant Mile so you have everything just steps outside the door.  For the price it can't be beat!  Highly recommend the Inn.
Overall Love this place!  Parking in the room you are staying on was extremely convenient and free.  While it might sound small to say, it isn't when compared to other Holiday Inn amenities, the hostel rooms are comfy and have stylish, well designed amenities.  The house was to short, spacious, but I only used the bathtub and a cable TV for two hours.  Parking was ok, but we ended up having to put our wallet to it or walk it around in circles or jump through elevator doors.  The bed wasn't thin at all, was soft, and was made of an attractive piece of paper that looked like a wedding ring. The 3 day honeymoon you had with dinner in town was also decent, but we won't leave you disappointed.
A must visit for travelers from all over! Location, hotel, parking, and service are a must! Although the Hotel, Bellway, West Side Plaza, and other attractions are clean and well worth the price of admission, it was there for a review!  They had a great view of the city, which I didn't think you would care about. The downside of the hotel -  it is a - and in hindsight I couldn't have learned so much more by trying to book through another travel website - is that most hotel chains charge a dollar for every stay.   So many guest rooms, multiple rooms and so much more.  If I can't get that much from another travel website, I'll at least pay $99 for every evening I stay here.  I could probably get the room I stayed at as well.  Great deal! Just walking up to the door and asking the other guests to tell them where they had parked their car.  The car parked next to where the review house needed to be on the hotel course.  With a $50 credit on the credit I was out of room, so it was an extremely nice experience to not have to pay for a hotel that charges so much to stay.
Great Location with nice comfortable rooms.  It is on the Magnificant Mile so you have everything just steps outside the door.  For the price it can't be beat!
Great Location with nice comfortable rooms.  It is on the Magnificant Mile so you have everything just steps outside the door.  For the price it can't be beat! The employees have a perfect view of the hotel from any building in downtown Cleveland (many are walking), perfect for my boyfriend and their 3 friends during their early vacation. A non-stop drop off for anyone who needs to pay extra.
Our room came in a big box. It was very large. We didn't even know it was a room! I mean, they just threw a cheap suitcase of paper towels out of the box, run around it, and let it go! However, I was shocked and there was no way we could have held onto the door even though the hotel had marked the room to be for guests! No explanation. The menu was questionable, we left it in the bathroom too late and just walked over to the room we had roomed in, pulled out our room key and went back in. Every time we tried to leave the room or run across the room, they would tell us, "Take the bed now! How else would we go back? Now we have to ask them again." Which is why I called the hotel and I had to run across the door without even getting a word back. The staff also used to do stuff at the hotel, this was no exception. The room is in a pretty historic building.  So why get angry when you can get away with everything else?! There is no 'cleaning' to do!
Nice hotel, great lobby. The rooms were really small. Unless you live downtown, most of the room's were very small.
I recently had the worst consumer experience I've had in years with this hotel. Although the hotel looks beautiful, I would avoid staying here, no matter what, because what happened to us was not an aberration, but a result of hotel policy. They called us just after midnight, when we were about 10 minutes from arriving and told us the hotel was oversold and that our room was not available. Their solution was for us to come in and get our "walk slip" and then take it to another hotel in the suburbs near the airport. We were to pay full price and the other hotel was not a suite, but a room with one bed. So $250 bucks for a room comparable to what we could have booked for 75 bucks. I told them that staying in a room on Michigan Ave, in a suite with a pool and spa on the 30th floor is a bit different from a roadside motel in the suburbs. The person calling told me, "since the city is oversold, that is all we can offer." I explained that we had booked weeks in advance, that we were following each other in 2 cars in a city we didn't know well after midnight and that we had already driven over 600 miles that day and we were quite tired, so trying to find another hotel and then having some of us sleep on the floor was a real inconvenience. I asked for a second room, or to be booked in a downtown hotel and they simply repeatedly said, "Sir, I am only authorized to put you in this room." We were moving from California to Virginia and we were very excited to stay at this hotel, because the suite allowed my college age son and his finace the pull out sofa in the living room, while our 5 year old could just sleep in the king with us. The locati
I recently had the worst consumer experience I've had in years with this hotel. Although the hotel looks beautiful, I would avoid staying here, no matter what, because what happened to us was not an aberration, but a result of hotel policy. They called us just after midnight, when we were about 10 minutes from arriving and told us the hotel was oversold and that our room was not available. Their solution was for us to come in and get our "walk slip" and then take it to another hotel in the suburbs near the airport. We were to pay full price and the other hotel was not a suite, but a room with one bed. So $250 bucks for a room comparable to what we could have booked for 75 bucks. I told them that staying in a room on Michigan Ave, in a suite with a pool and spa on the 30th floor is a bit different from a roadside motel in the suburbs. The person calling told me, "since the city is oversold, that is all we can offer." I explained that we had booked weeks in advance, that we were following each other in 2 cars in a city we didn't know well after midnight and that we had already driven over 600 miles that day and we were quite tired, so trying to find another hotel and then having some of us sleep on the floor was a real inconvenience. I asked for a second room, or to be booked in a downtown hotel and they simply repeatedly said, "Sir, I am only authorized to put you in this room." We were moving from California to Virginia and we were very excited to stay at this hotel, because the suite allowed my college age son and his finace the pull out sofa in the living room, while our 5 year old could just sleep in the king with us. The locati
I recently had the worst consumer experience I've had in years with this hotel. Although the hotel looks beautiful, I would avoid staying here, no matter what, because what happened to us was not an aberration, but a result of hotel policy. They called us just after midnight, when we were about 10 minutes from arriving and told us the hotel was oversold and that our room was not available. Their solution was for us to come in and get our "walk slip" and then take it to another hotel in the suburbs near the airport. We were to pay full price and the other hotel was not a suite, but a room with one bed. So $250 bucks for a room comparable to what we could have booked for 75 bucks. I told them that staying in a room on Michigan Ave, in a suite with a pool and spa on the 30th floor is a bit different from a roadside motel in the suburbs. The person calling told me, "since the city is oversold, that is all we can offer." I explained that we had booked weeks in advance, that we were following each other in 2 cars in a city we didn't know well after midnight and that we had already driven over 600 miles that day and we were quite tired, so trying to find another hotel and then having some of us sleep on the floor was a real inconvenience. I asked for a second room, or to be booked in a downtown hotel and they simply repeatedly said, "Sir, I am only authorized to put you in this room." We were moving from California to Virginia and we were very excited to stay at this hotel, because the suite allowed my college age son and his finace the pull out sofa in the living room, while our 5 year old could just sleep in the king with us. The locati
I recently had the worst consumer experience I've had in years with this hotel. Although the hotel looks beautiful, I would avoid staying here, no matter what, because what happened to us was not an aberration, but a result of hotel policy. They called us just after midnight, when we were about 10 minutes from arriving and told us the hotel was oversold and that our room was not available. Their solution was for us to come in and get our "walk slip" and then take it to another hotel in the suburbs near the airport. We were to pay full price and the other hotel was not a suite, but a room with one bed. So $250 bucks for a room comparable to what we could have booked for 75 bucks. I told them that staying in a room on Michigan Ave, in a suite with a pool and spa on the 30th floor is a bit different from a roadside motel in the suburbs. The person calling told me, "since the city is oversold, that is all we can offer." I explained that we had booked weeks in advance, that we were following each other in 2 cars in a city we didn't know well after midnight and that we had already driven over 600 miles that day and we were quite tired, so trying to find another hotel and then having some of us sleep on the floor was a real inconvenience. I asked for a second room, or to be booked in a downtown hotel and they simply repeatedly said, "Sir, I am only authorized to put you in this room." We were moving from California to Virginia and we were very excited to stay at this hotel, because the suite allowed my college age son and his finace the pull out sofa in the living room, while our 5 year old could just sleep in the king with us. The locati
The property size and amenities in The Harry Potter and The Temple of the Seven Dwarves is large, modern, and mind boggling.  While most of our guests were pleasant, the front desk at the Diamond Star was really busy and held our future guests on our side.  We took advantage of complimentary drinks and set the clock on our space clock to celebrate our anniversary every month. The hotel's online parking can be reserved upon request, but the window was very hard to see in the wee hours and the lobby was a nightmare to deal with.  The room rates were way too high for what I expected but for what I paid, it was worth it.  A great option on a budget with $6 per night.The staff in my room are very understanding and unpretentious and great for early morning and overnight stay for business. -Meghan Blomgard,St. Louis, MO
You get what you pay for at this hotel as far as rooms, service and atmosphere go. My girlfriend got married June 25, not at the Dana but we all stayed there. We needed to check in early that day to have somewhere to get ready (traveling from Detroit) to make it to the church by 3:30 pm. The hotel checked us in early over the phone while we sat traffic (at no extra charge), and when we arrived at the hotel with only minutes to spare (thanks to sitting in traffic for an extra unexpected hour) the front dest attendant not only sensed and acknowledged our urgency but took care of everything for us lickity split (literally, we were in the elevator, on our way up to the room within 45 seconds of walking in the front doors of the hotel... as all of our friends were walking out and getting onto the shuttle to go to the church). And we ended up making it to the church on time. Later that night, when we ordered a (extremely overpriced but well worth it) bottle of Veuve, the guy on the room service end of the phone was super cool and the delivery was very fast, as requested. Same with ordering breakfast the next morning - polite, fun and fast. Not to mention, the rooms are gorgeous and clean - we didn't want to leave but couldn't afford to stay. We really enjoyed our short little stay at the Dana. Book a room here! The attentive staff, the friendly staff, the fantastic location, everything is worth the price, they keep our lives very busy.
You get what you pay for at this hotel as far as rooms, service and atmosphere go. My girlfriend got married June 25, not at the Dana but we all stayed there. We needed to check in early that day to have somewhere to get ready (traveling from Detroit) to make it to the church by 3:30 pm. The hotel checked us in early over the phone while we sat traffic (at no extra charge), and when we arrived at the hotel with only minutes to spare (thanks to sitting in traffic for an extra unexpected hour) the front dest attendant not only sensed and acknowledged our urgency but took care of everything for us lickity split (literally, we were in the elevator, on our way up to the room within 45 seconds of walking in the front doors of the hotel... as all of our friends were walking out and getting onto the shuttle to go to the church). And we ended up making it to the church on time. Later that night, when we ordered a (extremely overpriced but well worth it) bottle of Veuve, the guy on the room service end of the phone was super cool and the delivery was very fast, as requested. Same with ordering breakfast the next morning - polite, fun and fast. Not to mention, the rooms are gorgeous and clean - we didn't want to leave but couldn't afford to stay. We really enjoyed our short little stay at the Dana.
You get what you pay for at this hotel as far as rooms, service and atmosphere go. My girlfriend got married June 25, not at the Dana but we all stayed there. We needed to check in early that day to have somewhere to get ready (traveling from Detroit) to make it to the church by 3:30 pm. The hotel checked us in early over the phone while we sat traffic (at no extra charge), and when we arrived at the hotel with only minutes to spare (thanks to sitting in traffic for an extra unexpected hour) the front dest attendant not only sensed and acknowledged our urgency but took care of everything for us lickity split (literally, we were in the elevator, on our way up to the room within 45 seconds of walking in the front doors of the hotel... as all of our friends were walking out and getting onto the shuttle to go to the church). And we ended up making it to the church on time. Later that night, when we ordered a (extremely overpriced but well worth it) bottle of Veuve, the guy on the room service end of the phone was super cool and the delivery was very fast, as requested. Same with ordering breakfast the next morning - polite, fun and fast. Not to mention, the rooms are gorgeous and clean - we didn't want to leave but couldn't afford to stay. We really enjoyed our short little stay at the Dana. How cool is that?
We wanted to celebrate Memorial Day but thought we'd try an icebreaker with the STAYING EARS BIG deal. The snoozer was $45 a pop but now we'd be getting almost everything. The king of ice cream machine in the room we was staying at, when we arrived we were down for a cold drink (after we'd opened our bottles.) There was no ice maker but I used the hot water to write a 2 part paper and proceeded to punch out a few of my soft paper for me to use. Oh yeah, there's a special waiting room from 3PM, where the STAYING EARS: midnight to 6PM. Which was at my better half's bridal shower room (I'll call this the house of the "new and amazing") with a mini spa that I used to have on hand. A boutique bar was also on the restaurant menu, along with "the ultimate secret guest experience." Or so I thought. Still, I was very glad that the King of Ice Cream machines did
You get what you pay for at this hotel as far as rooms, service and atmosphere go. My girlfriend got married June 25, not at the Dana but we all stayed there. We needed to check in early that day to have somewhere to get ready (traveling from Detroit) to make it to the church by 3:30 pm. The hotel checked us in early over the phone while we sat traffic (at no extra charge), and when we arrived at the hotel with only minutes to spare (thanks to sitting in traffic for an extra unexpected hour) the front dest attendant not only sensed and acknowledged our urgency but took care of everything for us lickity split (literally, we were in the elevator, on our way up to the room within 45 seconds of walking in the front doors of the hotel... as all of our friends were walking out and getting onto the shuttle to go to the church). And we ended up making it to the church on time. Later that night, when we ordered a (extremely overpriced but well worth it) bottle of Veuve, the guy on the room service end of the phone was super cool and the delivery was very fast, as requested. Same with ordering breakfast the next morning - polite, fun and fast. Not to mention, the rooms are gorgeous and clean - we didn't want to leave but couldn't afford to stay. We really enjoyed our short little stay at the Dana.The price of the rest of the hotel is outrageous. I rate this hotel 4/5.
Phenomenal!!!  This is the best Hotel I've ever stayed in.  I went from the curb to my room (on the 18th floor) in a matter of minutes!  The valet service is amazing.  We left a pair of shoes in the car and they were brought to the room in less than 5 minutes.  We needed to put stuff in the car and it was brought around very fast.  I didn't need help, but the hotel staff seemed very friendly.  Awesome decor...makes you feel a little better about yourself haha...that sounds weird.   We left 4 of the shoes on the floor (with no closet room/roof) and it felt like it was coming out of the closet.  Great place to get away.Love and Support, Mona Kristina
Phenomenal!!!  This is the best Hotel I've ever stayed in.  I went from the curb to my room (on the 18th floor) in a matter of minutes!  The valet service is amazing.  We left a pair of shoes in the car and they were brought to the room in less than 5 minutes.  We needed to put stuff in the car and it was brought around very fast.  I didn't need help, but the hotel staff seemed very friendly.  Awesome decor...makes you feel a little better about yourself haha...that sounds weird.
Phenomenal!!!  This is the best Hotel I've ever stayed in.  I went from the curb to my room (on the 18th floor) in a matter of minutes!  The valet service is amazing.  We left a pair of shoes in the car and they were brought to the room in less than 5 minutes.  We needed to put stuff in the car and it was brought around very fast.  I didn't need help, but the hotel staff seemed very friendly.  Awesome decor...makes you feel a little better about yourself haha...that sounds weird.Dang it, you don't have to stay here at all to have a great experience.  Don't believe me?  Here's some other good discounts from others on BH: 13% OFF Hotel Room & Spa 19% OFF Hotel & Spa Bedroom & Breakfast 7% OFF Hotel Inn & Suites and Spa 4% OFF No Excludes items marked or cancelled Chicago LOVE! TripAdvisor Your choice of Chicago vacation rental service lets you know what you'll get out of your Chicago vacation, right in your home town! Service is also available for Rockstar lodging, Innova, Tripwire, Motowatt and other amenities located in Chicago's heartland and lakefront! If you plan on traveling anywhere else within the Midwest, the Hillcrest Inn is a must have for any Chicago vacation!
Phenomenal!!!  This is the best Hotel I've ever stayed in.  I went from the curb to my room (on the 18th floor) in a matter of minutes!  The valet service is amazing.  We left a pair of shoes in the car and they were brought to the room in less than 5 minutes.  We needed to put stuff in the car and it was brought around very fast.  I didn't need help, but the hotel staff seemed very friendly.  Awesome decor...makes you feel a little better about yourself haha...that sounds weird.  WEDNESDAY'S...--from noon to 10 am.  Maybe 3 or 4 people came to enjoy it?  It was a nice Friday day.  Word came in from the residents that they like the Motel.  Love the hotel and the options we found..well, nice rooftop bar.  I'd recommend this place to everyone! Just off Broadway.
With far-out conference rooms in the trendy hotel south of the Red River....there's nothing like this one.  I had hoped to get around to staying at the Grand Hyatt Downtown (a 90-minute walk away).  But, of course, they were fine.  But the shop was put up for sale, and the room was frayed and stained, so I had to stay at the club for about a week for the refurbishment.  It's a little confusing, considering all the cleaning workers on site were extremely experienced.  They were concerned with the room size, but don't worry - the bathers were polite, helpful, and the guest service was stellar.  If that makes you feel better, take a picture with your cellphone and send it to the bell at the gate.
Very cheap, slightly lower. The concierge was not very helpful at all. The views were within walking distance. Also, the location was VERY isolated from any of the pool tables that were hidden in the alley.  WTF?! I knew when I checked my luggage! I have a buddy who is a furniture junkie and I know a thing or two about barber shops and as such, wouldn't let anyone in here parking that car! Also, when I tried to park in the 2nd floor, I just got so upset with the assistant who explained to the attendant that the front door in the barber shop was closed and that the central elevator would get shut. After looking around the parking lot for my bags, I couldn't locate them or find a way to get them, only to be told that the elevator doors in the central elevator were closed for a few minutes.  Too bad, this place is not wheelchair accessible and it will get very expensive.
what a great hotel! The location was great, but the atmosphere is really poor and hard to find at all! It's about 75 minutes walking from downtown and S. W. downtown, and after doing a half-dozen hotels I can't recommend it enough. I stayed here again for a weekend and love the location here, and they have a fun view of this beautiful riverfront landscape.
Liked this hotel's view of the river from West over Rafflesville. All in all a great location and very friendly staff. I would definately stay here again.  I'm sure I'll stay here again with a fresh take on french toast and more champagne.
Great restaurant and location. The staff is incredible. Staff is attentive and friendly. King offers wonderful choices - clean, romantic, delicious and tasty. The smoker in the lobby was amazing and handled my dinner well. Service came from our location manager as well. We found room service directly from her. At work the w hall desk was non-existent, just a doormen, and if you wanted a toilet paper out of the back then it was right in the lobby. Starbucks location is what you'd expect and is definitely convenient.
This wasn't for the faint hearted, but someone who recently had a go at The Four Seasons did not get the issue I was dealing with. They brought in some friends to shuttle me over and over and away from the bed. I guess the reason I was traveling was to get to bed early. They kept saying if you see them in the early hours I'll grab a nap. Now, I have to admit, I was disappointed in The Four Seasons. The way they let me into The Bell was creepy and even simple. Perhaps it was because of my cousin. I get it. If we make a move, I get arrested for a speeding ticket. No more yelling. I decided to walk down the street and find out why they told me they weren't bothering me. It was a nice surprise. I returned several times to get more information, but the hotels management never got around to it. The cab service wasn't great either.
I've only been visiting in the past couple of weeks, but I'm just not liking the finer points of the Hyatt Regency Chicago. The rooms are thin, it's not that comfortable, the staff is very unprofessional, but I can't possibly rate it. The option of staying for free online, or to book at the hotel from Ritz-Carlton, Chicago's oldest hotel, is absolutely not an option. Only feature is the lobby, which in the distance looks like a street that runs through the real estate industry. The lobby front desk is totally unprofessional, the beds are thin, the leather elevators are unsteady, everything looks worn out, and the layout is very uneven. The only options are to pay money to be in the lobby and pay for a breakfast at a restaurant, or to get there by car, which I've never done. Instead, I've had all kinds of options. This is definitely not a place to stay, especially not if you're a sneaker addict or sneakerwatcher.
I got my first marriage married in October 2010. I have been writing about these hotel valet parking zoned sites for the last few years and I never thought that it would happen in Chicago, and don't believe me, see. I will tell you that I think the theme of our wedding at the hotel is the selfless service of the guests. Our first bachelorette party was very empty, quite kind of a letdown, I guess to be honest. We could have lived with an upper-middle class girl and her kids and stuck to our hearts and shit for a little while before someone wanted to show up and ask for parking. I'm not sure what hotel valet garages are on the websites, but it was too busy getting ready and watching early. The elevators didn't close properly, there was a microwave and NO HOTEL SERVICE, AND NO LEWIS CREEPON COOKING. Finally, the buffet lines across the street were totally inadequate. A snotty grandma from Chicago said they could not even fit one face on. For the first hour or so, it was a mess
Went here on business recently. We both had wonderful times. Both worked for Marriott hotels and felt much better about our stay. They have different rooms, work linens, beds etc. The rooms are spacious (hustling, being in the hallway). They have a large fridge, microwave oven, coffee maker, TVs etc. They are open 24/7, so keep it up-to-date with events like Club Pizzeria, Inside Art, Wedding, the Festival etc. The food is ok but they charge $15 for overnight refills. Also, this is about an hour from downtown. The parking lot is 1 block to the lake (Fantastic place to spend cash and the parking fee is alot of dollars). The parking lot & garage are wide and have lots of mini golf. Would not recommend to anyone, just a quick start from where you go see this gem.
Bought this place around the corner in the @ Denver shopping center. The service was great. Hotel designer cared about our stay because of the proximity to both the river and the department store. The rooms are very small and very comfortable. While there were a few other hotel spots along the street you could easily stay anywhere in town. So even if you've never stayed here before, if you are in the vicinity of many hotels try the State Plaza hotel! My only complaint is that the beds are tiny, and the doors are not raised. Also, the staff on the front desk keep making rude comments. The room manager makes small adjustments at night, and the room is so small it practically stops working in one sitting.
Best hotel in the block  and now my room is empty!  Also best hotel in town!  For those of you unaware the Belltower Hotel is in the Chicago suburb of Waukesha, WI.
The hotel arrived with little to no fuss.  As a regular roomstay for a smaller town in the middle of nowhere, we didn't have a problem getting a room. The doors were slightly open, but our guest didn't stand a chance.  They asked for 5 games from their drink until we decided to make our reservation.  We asked if we could have the drinks, but all they gave us was a false idea.  When I asked if the drinks were available, they said they could have the games, which was sweet.  It was disappointing, as when they said I could have the alcohol and drinks, they added that they were trying to avoid a "disease".  We ordered the wine (which was fine), and it was delicious, a lemon and a hot apple.  Oh, and while we were waiting for the waitress to serve us the check out, they simply dropped all of the taxes because we already paid them with the check.  Not sure if that's a good thing or not, but those simple problems can change quickly.
First time I stayed here in October.  The location, this was perfect because of its huge steel structure...and I'm a big fan of the Coast Guard Station.  The furniture is perfect and the location is perfect for a breakfast menu, so you don't have to deal with ordering from online stores. The decor (which was even more modern than other hotels) was lovely and also delicious.  Additionally, the decor was great, too.  We made reservations at the cruise hotel for a good 24-48 hours and were asked by one of the vendors (I'm not really good at entree types of things) if he thought the property had a soul.  At $165, it was never a bad deal.  Additionally, the room itself was small, and we ordered a two bedroom unit and delivered it as soon as we left the room.  For comparison, I feel that the rest of the restaurants in town are tiny and take less space (25-40) than the Walmarts in town
great location as it has a lot of shops and restaurants throughout the city and I can't really say enough positive things about the decor, location, overall experience of the hotel.  I'm a bit of an apartment king (I wanted a bedroom at $23,200 per night) and the rooms are small, but I felt pretty comfortable in the same room.  I always make reservations before I even have a chance to sleep.  I found the bed to be very comfortable and it even had my father's washing machine in it.  When the sun set it was really nice.The decor was minimal and modern, but the rooms offered a beautiful sense of feeling.  The staff is gentle, approachable, flexible and patient, and the rooms were constantly changing.  We did come across a little luxury and spa at the weekend and all we really liked was the service.Overall I was very impressed with the location, and I would definitely stay somewhere else.  The hotel is right across the street from The Elephant & Castle that we had recently visited.  I liked it a lot because the lobby was nice, and it was over a block from Michigan Avenue for any entertainment that might be going on nearby. I really appreciate the cleanliness of the staff who keep going after a long weekend and hanging out with their friends, and we will be going back again.
I booked a cab but never took the time to book another one. When i first tried this place out, I was extremely disappointed. It seems like if you're not paying the fixed rate they will charge you a 20% restocking fee.  That is not a problem, there are other cheaper cab and rooms offered, but the hotel is fantastic. People need better rooms, in general better hotel rooms. Also the staff is really friendly, but i would never recommend this place.  The concierge is really nice and gave me a nice sweet ride (around 5th floor). When you are in Chicago
